Sadly, no. This game feels kinda bad. There are so many great sandbox games out there. Don`t waste your time on this one. Feels like a poor port from a cell phone. The annoyance started on the first mission where I had to pick 2 berries from 2 bushes and one bush didn`t give me any so I had to wait 5 IRL minutes till it grows another one. I tried to sleep, but in-game time doesn`t progress IRL crop timer. And mosters actually go through solid structures like rocks during the fight. And the fight itself is just click `em to death. The characters and the story felt completely detached and unispired."Wonderful game, lots of fun dialogue and leaves you with a feeling of peace while playing. Plenty of different ways to explore, have fun and create, allowing the player to decide what to do and when to do it. If you’re on the fence about buying this game, here’s a few questions to ask:Do you enjoy lighthearted tales?Do you enjoy an adorable set of characters?Do you enjoy RPGs without a strict path to follow?Do you like to love the main character?If so, then I would recommend the game, as those are the four main reasons I believe this game is so special.""Very torn on this game. It seems to be a very nice game with nice illustrations, with just really unconventional controls that can not be changed. This is not really a reason to give it a bad review. It_s still a nice game.However, the Motion Sickness in this game is real!! I have never in my 30 years as a gamer ever felt such hardcore eye strain and motion sickness. Considering that there is absolutely no reference point in this game makes it quite obvious that some very basic game development features were not fixed. Even the background (stars/sky) moves continuously. I_ve tried to play the game 3 to 4 minutes at a time to see if I can get used to it but the fact that I even have to attempt to do this is reason enough to give it a big thumbs down."Ok for android game, not for PC. Also there are bugs in the game that will make you impossible to advance in history."A cute survival game with a fun premise, unfortunately it has several big flaws keeping it from being enjoyable.First, it suffers from being too long for its content. What took me 18 hours to complete (story and all side quests) should have taken 10-12. This ties into the second flaw of the game's artificial difficulty. Most of that wasted time was spent mindlessly grinding waiting for random events/monsters to spawn, and while I'm the type of person who thinks 'Numbers Go Up = Fun', this was tedious. The rest of the wasted time was hitting progression walls every couple of hours, big enough to make me quit the game to search for hints because the game wasn't telling me what I needed to know.In conclusion, at this point I see no replayability from this title, even just to see if i can do it faster. I will give it one solid point, however; none of the promo material that I saw gave away the best character in the game. Other than that, another title gathering digital dust in the library.""I would love to recommend this game, I can only echo what many others said before me the game is cute charming and has a relaxing soundtrack.Unfortunately the story appears to be unfinished and is very reliant on RNG. By that I mean you wait for NPCs to show up to give you quests, in the best case you have to farm something to finish and in the worst you have to wait for monsters to show up that hopefully drop the right items. In either case you'll probably have to wait for the NPC to return.With the exception of 2 NPCs, everyone appears at random so most of the time you'll just do farming and mining to pass time between events.If every NPC had a way to be summoned at will, I probably would've finished the game 6 hours ago and would heartily recommend it.But as I'm writing this review I'm waiting for a single NPC to show up to finish the last few quests.If you don't mind having your time wasted, give this game a go. Otherwise, pick it up in a sale if you're really interested or just give it a pass."If you don't compare this game to similar ones like Stardew Valley, then it is a very decent game. However, in comparison, I feel it comes out for the worse. To me there is no real replay value. There is no relationship play available, the quests can sometimes be really confusing and don't have obvious answers, leading to you having to look it up. The Most annoying part of the game is when you are waiting for a specific person to show up on your planet but there is no way to summon them there. The only ones you can summon specifically in game seem to be Mun and Lily. It does have it's fun value and I played for 68 hours before I became bored and the game became a bit more redundant."An amazing game with unfortunate keyboard controls. It was clearly designed for a controler.Well worth getting."cute and simple i enjoyThe game starts off nicely, but in the end there is too little content to keep you going.Amazing! So friendly game! It was full relax and fun, want more games like this!This game has good mechanics but horrible pacing. I enjoyned this game but it pays more like an alpha release or a long demo than a completed product.Overall very fun and relaxing. Most of the game is intuitive. However upgrading your camp looks like it is off limits as opposed to just a matter of getting materials which could be better and fishing is just lame and too difficult to be worth the time. Still despite those minor issues its very fun to play. Edit: 40 hours in and it doesn't seem likely that I will be able to end the game as the things you need are done by random spawning of monsters that just won't spawn. I have to change my recommendation from yes get it to no don't bother. Overall it's like this game was started then half _____ and never finished. You can see assets that were clearly intended to be content and none of the story lines have actual ends. The game doesn't even end with you defeating the major bad guy. You fight one minion which alludes to a much more interesting story and boom credits. ____ whoever thought this game was finished.Little cute relaxing game. It was really interesting for about three hours, till the moment I have fully upgraded the house. From that moment had no real tasks, just to wait for some crops to grow.Really frickin addicting only thing I wish that could be added is that some quest were more specificCant recommend this game due to the RNG locking of events and items. Was fun at first, then I had to wait for RNG to progress me. Hours pass and I give up."I really wanted to love this game, it is so adorable and seems like a great balance between adventure and farming. I love the music and the visual effect of running around and around a tiny planet.HOWEVER, this game just doesn't seem finished. It's crazy buggy and I don't really think it should be for sale as it is.""Very nice and laid back collecting and building game. The sandbox-elements are limited but sufficient and the not too deep.The Adventure part delivers some different types of enemies with different behaviours.""This isn't a big game, nor an especially detailed nor long game.What it is, is Charming.There's no real challenge, no real peril and you would have to try very hard to even fail, but it's relaxing, the music is wonderful and the tone just feels right for when you don't want to put that much effort in to your gaming.Could stand to gain some configuability, especially in regards to control schemes, but overall a game you can play next to a young kid and not have to worry about bad language or anything like that. It's not Skyrim, nor Witcher, but it's not meant to be."Bought this game for my son, and he’s so happy with it! Can’t stop playing Deiland. And he’s so fast - now he grows some plans, then he goes fishing, the next moment he fights someone. And he built a big house from a tiny hut. So proud of my boy!) says there’s a beautiful girls that comes and give different tasks. I see how satisfied my son with this game, he needed a few minutes to master it and now he plays and plays it. So I only can say this game is excellent and I recommend it to all parents around.Does not properly teach you the basics of the game (like eating). Sends enemies way stronger than you at level 2, requiring you to die and lose more of your resources. Does not properly prepare you for battle either. When landing a friendly space ship, if they fly off while you are still landing them, you are stuck in the screen and can only rotate your camera angle, you will have to force close the game process to exit the game. This needs a lot of work, and has major oversights by the developers. I would not recommend this for anyone in the current state it is in. It is not user friendly, and has unacceptable basic glitches that couldn't possibly have made it past testing.Charming, relaxing, casual game.Waiting for Summer in Mara just got harder, this was a great prequel(it's not really connected, but both games are in the same universe). It's a pretty unique time management game where you get to tend a whole island, it's just really small, tho. Art style and OST are great and you will feel immersed as you try to complete quests the visitors give you as well as uncover the truth about your island and yourself.Picked up this game because DangerouslyFunny played it on YouTube and I was not disappointed, this game is a ton of fun. The story had good pacing and the small little glitches were not really game breaking, unless you count the escaped sheep stuck half way in the house, LOL. Can't wait for more of the story to come out!"Honestly, this game is fun if you don't got into it with hopes if high adventure in space...it's a quiet little story taken from The Little Prince mythos. You will grind a bit for material, but what crafting game doesn't make you work for it? I will probably eke through it between runs of things more intense/frustrating just to unwind.Get it knowing this and you probably will like it.""It's a relaxing game, I found it to be perfect to play when I'm listening to podcasts or watching streams.It can be rather slow at times when certain characters doesn't come to your planet, but that just means more time to collect resources.The story was simple yet enjoyable.An enjoyable game if you like relaxing, slow paced games"The game is a little dizzying and is not consistent. Navigation is a nightmare for me! It has a lot of potential but could use more work on storyline and spinning graphical designs.Good for killing time and if you're a fan of farming, fishing etc like games. easy achievements once you complete the main quests and level upI do like the game but seeing as i just got the end credits at what feels like the first boss fight... little yikes? I assume it'll be an update one day? the game makes it sound like it and it would make it more satisfying 3 smaller bosses and the final boss y'know. Other than that and the bugs... good, relaxing game."It's very cute and reminds me of a movie called ""The Littlest Prince"". However, it does a horrible, awful, no good, very bad, terrible job at explaining anything. From how to upgrade any tool, to how to empty a mine cart, nothing is explained. There is supposed to be controller support, but half or more of the time, it's more of a frustration than an aid. Game was free, lots of fun/interesting ideas, none seem well developed. "