There is a lot of potential in this game. Even though it's in alphaEngaging atmosphere. Graphics are good for this type of game.You being forced to take Joy is also another interesting aspect.Like all the others have saidThere are also no markers for important quests and I'm not even sure if some of these quests work at all.I get to the Holm bridgeAlso the way in which I die is really cheap at times. Like for exampleNo help or hints at all about where to get resources to craft essential items.Overall there are definitely balancing aspects that need to be improved. I don't know how that Simon Says is game was supposed to work but it seemed damn impossible to even reach all platforms before the spankers electrocute you to death. There is also the obvious need to complete and polish the game overallGreat setting. Show's amazing potentialThe final version will either be an ok game or a really great one. I think now they have the basics in they should actually ignore a lot of other games they have borrowed mechanics from and figure out how to make it it's own thing it deserves to be.It definitely needs a lot more contentI would like to see more variation in characters that indicate different types of behaviour that you can take advantage ofThere is some very talented art design behind this game but the quality of 3d models and texture work mostly doesn't do it full justice for a modern game on the PC. Polygon counts for example in environment pieces seem much lower they need to be - even taking into account supporting the PS4 etc. Obviously they have to balance production cost against this and make compromises as they don't have AAA budget. The game does look perfectly serviceable though so please don't misunderstandI would actively encourage the developers to aim a little bit higher then I suspect they originally planned with this as it would be worth the sweat and tears to make this into something truly special.I had a single game crash and virtually 0 bugs. For early access it's a pretty solid game. Very excited for the finished product.I feel like there should be a way to make items to distract the police at night since there is a numerous amount of them and would make getting around at night a little bit easier. I feel like it would also be a fun addition to the game.Woke up in a bunker with a scuicide granny corpse.Ran around for 4 hours doing vague quests.Finally got across the bridge & died from the plague before entering the city.Simply putI got this for about $20 on the original EA release (regional pricing + EA Discount) in May 2017. The game is currently selling for 3x that priceFraught with controversy since Gearbox Publishing got involvedThe only really good thing about the game is the aesthetics: the art styleBut... bugs aside - and there are so manyIt is partly a stealth gameIt's partly a combat game - but againIt has good voice actingThere's so much more wrong with the gameI may come back and change my review if they address these issues