This is a sort of game I've wanted for *literally* my entire life. My only complaint? Not enough reptiles. Give me more snakes, please! Give me ball pythons! Give me indigos! Heck, give me corn snakes! You have a platform here to show people the beauty and wonder of all these different creatures- let me have enough snakes to fill an entire zoo with them!"Planet zoo is that game you've longed for.You played zoo tycoon when you were younger and felt like there has been a void ever since. No longer.Welcome to Planet. May it satisfy your joy for zoo building as much as my own""I love it.I sit at my pc like ok i just need to check one enclosure and sell some of these god damn peacoc.ks that breed like crazy. Then i lookup what my bears are doing and if they finaly mate...Then I gotta build some more Stores ! Now i need some more workers caus there is too much trash ! Wtf are those scorpions ??? They went from 2 to 18 in no time holy moly. Lets sell some. Gotte put some more trees and rocks at my bison's enclosure ...they deserve it.All that after i told my wife im gonna help her with the houshold in 10 minutes ....i played for 3 more hours. Thats why i write this review from my phone on the couch where i gonna sleep tonight. Pray for me guys."simply everything to love......just wish some of the 'building' tools were a bit more user friendly.this game is very nice and has a unique feel to it. It would be better if it would be a one time purchase and all updates came free seeing as it's not cheapThis game is fantastic, it is so in depth. If you were a fan of zoo-tycoon games then you'll love this. Not only do you have to research to enrich the lives of the animals, you can set up breeding programs for better quality animals and be part of the conservation effort. You get the satisfaction of being able to research and improve their enclosures bit by bit. Also you have to properly manage your work force and make sure that they have the facilities that they need to perform at their best and you can train them to become more proficient at their jobs. This game is truly beautiful and the animators clearly spent a lot of time researching into how each creature moves, behaves and their characteristics. Also, what you can achieve when you get right into the building aspect of this game ... not only buildings but you can create natural caves for your animals, you can use stones, boulders, wooden beams and other natural materials to design your own shelters and natural features that your animals love. You can also create underground facilities, small animal enclosures that are naturally enclosed in the ground, making natural tunnels and the foliage is fantastic as well. It is just an amazing game from all angles and I can't recommend it enough."Honestly, at first this game is not what I expected... and I wanted to refund it. Because I felt, though having an array of animals to have in your zoo. It just wasn't Zoo tycoon. I miss the aquatics!!!But I'm just assuming they will release those things later on.As I've spent more and more time on the game I am absolutely loving it. I can't get enough. Especially with the ups and downs in Franchise. I don't have the creative abilities like most do when it comes to imagining. However I'm getting there and expanding."I am trying really hard to like and enjoy this game, because it is a very nice game. But every time I boot it up and attempt to play the building controls, especially the path ones, drive me crazy. They are not easy to use, and I find them very restricting. On more than one occasion I've quit the game after only a brief time playing because man I just want to build a zoo not fight with building a damn path.My dream from when I was 3 or 4 years old was to have my very own zoo. As I grew up, I realized that was silly... Not any more!!!There's a huge learning curve, but the tutorials do a good job explaining the controls.This game is amazing for animal lovers and for people who ever want to start a zoo. You can start your own school in franchise or you can even make your dream zoo with no restraints or funds in Sandbox. I would recommend this game for anyone, any age its a dream come true for me. I have always wanted to start my own zoo when I am older and this can help me on my journey.Cute game, very relaxing to play. Don't expect to get more than 60 FPS however, if you have a 144 Hz monitor. This game is very taxing.pure garbage, lot of bugs, no funLove this game. Surprisingly versatile, it can be either incredibly relaxing or a strenuous challenge, depending on how you play. I have two franchise zoos now, one is slow-paced and relaxing when I want that kind of gameplay, and one is big and a definite challenge to stay on top of everything. It's two completely different gameplay experiences, and I like having that variety. The animals are wonderful. Some of their social interactions are a bit simplistic, but it's still fun to watch them interact with each other (like watching a baby lemur sneak up on its parent and pounce on them, or watching two baby elephants play together). Some of the social structure requirements are very unrealistic (such as requiring one single alpha male for matriarchal species such as lemurs, bonobos, elephants, and lions. As well as requiring one alpha male for species that don't have that social structure in the wild, such as chimps, antelope, bison, etc), but I understand that it's a video game and I don't expect 100% accuracy. The building system takes some getting used to, but once you get the hang of it, it's very enjoyable and definitely allows for incredible creativity. Definitely worth the price in my opinion. I absolutely recommend this game!The game is designed very well and takes me back to the days of Zoo Tycoon, great detail and very addictiveI like the game overall, but finding out that the devs are pushing $10 DLC's on a $60 game that's been out for less than 6 weeks is frustrating. Definitely shouldn't be paying $60 if DLC's are gonna be so expensive and start happening so quickly after launch.Amazing game. The creative freedom is amazing. I find myself starting a new zoo just to try different things. The game has had its issues but frontier have done a cracking job listening to the community. An update 1.1 is a prime example of this fact. Buy this game ive clocked 300+ plus hours an ive not even used half the base game animals. I highly rate this game.What can I say? Finally after all these years, legendary Zoo Tycoon has finally found its successor. Everything about this game feels just right. Amazing "easy to learn, hard to master" type of gameplay with possibilities limited only by your fantasy and imagination (and budget of course). All of the animals are realistically made with astonishing attention for detail. Building is intuitive and easy to get a hold of. Managing your Zoo can be a bit challenging at times, as there are many things that will require your attention at the same time, but that's how it's supposed to be. Overall, I think this game definitely deserves to be bought by anyone who likes good tycoon games or just want to build a zoo and watch how happy your animals are."The game itself is amazing, but as with all games it has its problems and bugs.I like the base game as is as long as frontier stop sneakily adding stuff into patches without telling us (the whole rock fiasco and refunds) and fix the bugs and issues that people bring up.What I find ridiculous is that frontier is releasing a greedily priced DLC when the game is barely out more than a month.If this is what they put their time and effort into instead of FIXING the base game....well, I'll let you decide what to think about that.Overall, I would recommend the base game. The career is pretty chill and helps you learn the game. The online can be great and horrible (greedy people selling animals for insane amounts of CC making casual/new players unable to buy anything but peafowl). The challenge mode is great for those who don't like the online aspects. The sandbox is amazing for those who like to stretch those creative muscles!Whether to continue supporting the game through DLCs though is another matter. I think its absolutely disgraceful to release such a greedily priced DLC so soon after the games launch. Make of that what you will.""If you like park management games and have any interest in animals then this is a must have!So much better than I was expecting. You can customise just about anything in terms of item placement and colour. I made my own animal shelter (so they can hide when tired) by laying a metal structure, then I placed the stone cladding out myself and decorated it with plants and flowers. You have full 3d rotational control over items. There's even hanging vines!If you're being put off buying this because of experience with Jurassic World evolution then please don't be. Although I enjoyed JW evo, Planet Zoo makes that game like puddle deep shallow.Yes I have had 2 crashes whilst playing, but I've played for just under 5 hours in that time. I'm sure stability patches will happen.""As someone who grew up on the Zoo Tycoon games and loved Planet Coaster, Frontier have released yet another amazing game. Planet Zoo is not only super addictive to play, but the game is visually stunning and comes with a beautiful soundtrack. At first, all of the zoo management will seem hella confusing, so the devs were smart to add tutorials to the first few levels of the career mode (which I’d recommend that everyone plays first).There’s still a few bugs here and there but I’m sure they’ll be fixed soon, unlike everyone’s hearts that would’ve exploded due to a cuteness overload from all the baby animals. LOVE this game.""It is a complex and in-depth zoo management game, there is nothing not lo love about it.Well, except maybe some (or a lot) of bugs, crashes and preformance issues, which will make you pull your hair sometimes, but if you have enough hair to endure it, you certainly will love the game, and I am sure the fixes will come."I Love this game, it brings back many memories of playing sim park, and zoo tycoon 1 and 2 etc. BUT There are so many bugs... Especially for the price of the game! They are even releasing more paid DLC soon. My game has crashed 7 times in under two hours now it is driving me mad. I edit a group of objects and the game crashes. I place some paths the game crashes. I use the esc key instead of clicking the x in the menu window and the game crashes. My PC doesn't have any problems with other games, it even runs ARK on ultra with a lot of mods with no problem. Planet Zoo however is the first game that has ever given me this many crashes for no reason I can discern. I still love this game but I really want the developers to fix the bugs and stuff before releasing a ton of paid DLC. I do hope in the future I can change this to a positive review.Not a bad learning curve with a really good tutorial play through which earn you badges. Money is probably the hardest fight you'll have as challenges go. Learn about animals, insects, reptiles and get up close and personal. Really love the management / building and freedom in the game. Good purchase for me."Honestly, at first this game is not what I expected... and I wanted to refund it. Because I felt, though having an array of animals to have in your zoo. It just wasn't Zoo tycoon. I miss the aquatics!!!But I'm just assuming they will release those things later on.As I've spent more and more time on the game I am absolutely loving it. I can't get enough. Especially with the ups and downs in Franchise. I don't have the creative abilities like most do when it comes to imagining. However I'm getting there and expanding.So if you want a game to pass the time and look at cute animals and have a fun time building enclosures. This is definitely that game."If you like animals, buy this game. If you like in-depth and creative building, buy this game. If you liked Zoo Tycoon, buy this game. I cannot stress it enough. Buy this game.If you like animals and planet coaster, this game is perfect for you!I am trying really hard to like and enjoy this game, because it is a very nice game. But every time I boot it up and attempt to play the building controls, especially the path ones, drive me crazy. They are not easy to use, and I find them very restricting. On more than one occasion I've quit the game after only a brief time playing because man I just want to build a zoo not fight with building a damn path.I want to love this game so much, but after the initial excitement wore off, the bugs have made it a frustrating experience.amazing, really cool game. make the best zoo. mechanics that are almost similar to planet coaster. having fun with imagination, being creative, and spending time