Super fun old school RPGI pretty much always finish the games I've bought, whether they get boring or not, but after a great start GreedFall got so depressingly dull I had to make an exception.Overall very fun game mostly because of the plot and RPG elements. Combat mechanic is fairly shallow. Graphics is mediocre. It is more reminiscent of Dragon Age Inquisition than Skyrim.i like it...ITS A GOOD GAME, THE ONLY DOWNSIDE IS THERE'S NO CONTROLLER INPUT FOR PS4Amazing game! Hands down highly enjoyable.This game was a nice attempt of bring back the feels of the Gothic and Risen games. I really enjoyed it at first. If it is on sale please do add this story to your collection. But atlas this game was not polished and it seemed that Spiders left it as it was."Ahh Greedfall, while it does have its kinks with it's the occasional glitch, odd combat that is neither genre redefining nor hair tearingly broken or the odd genepool curse that seems to have befallen this world making every third person look like every sixth person. These are not the things we RPG fans come for, no we've been playing since characters were things known as sprites and monsters looked like they were cut off paper and glued onto the screen, no what we're here for, is the story, and on that Greedfall Delivers without a hint of a doubt and can warmly be recommended. "Greed Fall is a good example on how far others have come in this game genre. Looks are okay but everything else is lacking so much: Story, maps, fight-mechanics, crafting, AI, and more are so half a**ed.Surely, Greedfall is nowhere near perfect but it's refreshing and dear to see a somehow smaller studio like Spiders take the leap of faith, the risk, and put together an immersive single player, narrative-driven RPG with all the classical elements you may expect from the genre. This game brings reminiscences of Bioware and other bigger names and sagas, but with an original art direction and a branching central story that touches upon some very serious topics, no matter how light they may seem at first.