After a few hours messing around in this game I can comfortably recommend it. It is extremely fun and addictive to play, has great music, and is overall just a good time. If you like a finished game, though, this is not for you. As of now, it's been in early access for two days, and there are some issues with bugs and lag, as all newly released games have. There are several negative reviews because of the performance alone, which I think is a shame since the point of early access is to work on fixing these issues, not about releasing a finished game. As someone with a bit of actual game time, I highly recommend this game, just don't expect it to be perfect."Before I start, I want to note I was involved with the closed beta and had experienced the game in an even more unfinished state than it currently is.For an early access game of its type, from a company that doesn't really have experience doing this, Soviet Jump Game is a very good game at this time. The developers almost consistently push out new updates to fix bugs, and besides some lag-related issues, gameplay is smooth. Your computer will obviously affect this, though. One complaint I've heard has been the game's glitchy aesthetic, but that can be turned off in options. Obviously, as an early release game that has been playable by anyone outside of the developers since early December, players should not expect it to run perfectly. If you're expecting a high quality game at this time, you won't get it. Keep expectations in check and you'll find it's a fun game.And for anyone that does download the game, if you experience bugs... report them to the developers. Let them know, so the problems can be fixed. Don't go getting angry at an EARLY ACCESS game when it doesn't work 100%, because that's the idea of early access."Ok cool."Do you like Mario?Do you like Battle Royales?Do you like Soviet Jokes?Do you like free things?If you answered yes to any of those this might be for you.Do I recommend the game? Sure, there are problems but it has been getting better every day."Tried multiple times on multiple servers to find a game with players (Australia player here) and either no one is playing in Australia or the servers here are broken.Really fun take on the battle royale genre. Music is great. Art style is appealing. Just a good time all around.As I'm writing this, it needs improvements, but its free to play, and they're getting out updates like crazy (hope theyre not overworking...) so I think it's worth a chance. Plus I'm having a lotta fun! Hope other people get in soon so I can get more exp...Super cool idea, but the lag is so unbelievably bad that you will constantly, and I do mean every single time, die to something that on your screen you very clearly dodged/missed. I want to like it but losing over and over to things that clearly did not hit you but apparently did is just infuriating.I was a beta tester and I looked forward to the official release of the game so I could review it because this game is badass. Imagine Super Mario Brothers as a battle royale and that's what this is. It's the only game I've ever played where you can slam vodka to become invincible and then get crushed by a massive statue of Stalin. It's worth every penny.remember those times playing new super mario bros ds against your friend? yeah that's the same vibes you'll get from this gameOut of all the problems this game has, the main one has to be that the game has a fully working cash shop but the keybinds menu doesn't work at all, It shows where their priorities are..."If I could put a 'Mixed' option instead of a blatant yes or no recommendation, I would. For what the game is - as a concept and marketed product - I can somewhat recommend it. However, unless you plan to be interactive in finding bugs and acting as a tester, you should probably wait until it's out of Early Access (or until a lot of the issues get fixed, whenever it happens) and see if it's still breathing. If not, you might want to give it a pass.As a concept for a game, Soviet Jump Game (SJG) is brilliant. It's Russian Mario meets PUBG/Fortnite/Battle Royale Genre. However, this very requirement and the weight behind it is it's downfall. It relies entirely on multiplayer and - in my experience as a player from Europe - I scarcely saw more than 4-6 players (myself included) per game. This lead to a lot of 'locked off' areas at the start and during matches. While the game has been shown to host a lot of players at once, likely allowing access to a lot more content, the lack of active players (visible on steam charts) massively cripples SJG.Small note here: If you're not in the US, don't try to join a US server to try to find more people to play with. The connection will be horrific and you'll start hitting/getting hit by things that aren't even near to you due to the horrendous lag and poor client/server communication.Another downfall of the game is a complete lack of an introductory tutorial. If you haven't watched someone else play the game and/or explain what the powerups and mechanics are, you'll be completely lost. You can only find out what powerups do during the matchmaking period where they're all available to be used and have infoboxes about their controls and abilities (nothing in the menus before you actually start). However, this says nothing about the actual basic controls (formatted in controller A/B/Select even if you're using a keyboard) and you're mostly left to learn through experience on how to play the game. I was mashing keys in the beginning trying to get to the controls screen so I could figure out what the 'Accept' and 'Back' buttons (A and B by the controller format) were relative to my keyboard (Z and X). It was a blind guess that the C key would spawn my 'stored' powerup (which I had only learned you could obtain and use through watching someone else play) due to the relative position to the other keys, and I'm still not sure if the C key does anything more because there's *no explanation*.Another problem with a lack of a tutorial is the obstacles you face in SJG. While you'll find bootlegged Mario enemies and obstacles, there's no tutor of what an obstacle will do to you other than learning through experience. Some obstacles, such as the spinning electricity poles (like the fire poles in Bowser's castles) just knock you back a bit and that's all. Others, such as spikes, will damage you (either removing a layer of powerup or outright killing you). Finally, certain obstacles - such as Stalin Heads (thwomps) and falling off the map - will instantly kill you regardless of state. What's even more confusing though is the map layout. Certain ""biomes"" allow you to fall off the map and end up in a different, lower area. However, other biomes will straight up kill you if this happens. There is no clear indication of which maps lead to others this way, and which maps will kill you (I once tried to drop down a map to escape other players near the end of a match, and ended up killing myself).Once you've finally figured out how to move in SJG, you'll find that your movements are also incredibly loose and sloppy. Whereas a similar retro-styled platformer like Shovel Knight or even the traditional Super Mario Bros. 1 (or even the recent 2.5D games for that matter) has had fairly tight and predictable controls, SJG's movement feels like you're on ice physics all the time. Reaching max speed takes a couple of seconds and gets reset entirely if you run into an obstacle or stop. Your jump height is also based on momentum, meaning that you need to awkwardly run about a bit to reach higher-up platforms instead of your jump height being fairly locked (as it is in the games I mentioned) or all areas being accessible without the need of momentum buildup - easily interrupted due to the aforementioned ice physics. Your jumps are imprecise and rely heavily on the direction you were moving before you jumped, rather than you being able to precisely and freely move about while airborne (somewhat like Castlevania), making jumping up onto nearby blocks a wrestle with physics and momentum rather than a simple upward movement.Another note here: In a very Mario-esce fashion, often the button to 'use' your powerup ability and 'run' are exactly the same. This leads to a lot of stuttered movement when trying to use the 'Battery' (Fire Flower) or similar powerups as you keep pausing to attack, and must rebuild your momentum again which makes movement very stuttered. This contrasts Mario itself (which SJG is clearly trying to mimic) where the titular plumber can throw a fireball and start a run at the same time, and movement is smooth.The heavy reliance on multiplayer really brings SJG down. No particular aspects get a chance to really shine or stand out when you'll scarcely see much of what the game can offer before you're either killed by another player or you kill the last player - since there were only five of you to begin with. I believe that if there was a supplementary single-player campaign, or even the inclusion of AI-controlled/bot players to pad out small lobbies, it'd give Soviet Jump Game the legs it needs to last. If it continues to try to ride on the popularity of it's publisher and advertiser - Game Grumps - it will barely make it out of Early Access before it sees an average of 3 players per day with the occasional peak when someone (likely Game Grumps themselves) streams it.The only reason I can give a positive rating for Soviet Jump Game is purely because of the fact that it is a free Early Access game. If either - or both - of these weren't true, I would say to stay as far away as possible. As a purchased game, any price tag on this would be too much and would feel like a scam (I only recommend getting the DLC if you have the cash to spare and *really* want to support Game Grumps and FantasticPassion. Otherwise, you're perfectly fine without the cosmetics). If this was released as a finished product, it'd be an incredibly lacking game with a gaping chasm of missed opportunity. I can only hope that by the time SJG is finished, it's a hell of a lot more polished than it is now, and it's garnered a more consistent - and much larger - playerbase.Short Summary: For a free game, it's a fun waste of time. However, a lack of players and a multitude of issues prevent it from shining and being little more than a flash game you play once or twice and then forget about.""Game is insanely non-keyboard friendly, binding certain keys to actions on the keyboard just makes you straight up unable to preform the action, I wanted to use wasd to move but rebinding them made it so that I couldn't scroll up in the menu for whatever reason. Also none of the actual prematch tooltips alter their text to your binds, or even keyboard keys for that matter so its very difficult and frustrating to figure out what I have to press to do what.I know the game was originally designed for a game console and all, but I feel like they should have at least put in some effort to make it easy to play with a keyboard, or just playable at all when you try to rebind the controls on your keyboard to other inputs which allot of the time just seems to make some inputs stop going though altogether.I'm sure the games fun once you really get into it, but having such a struggle with just the controls really makes me want to give up and just play something else. Maybe later if they update the game so that using a keyboard whilst trying to play is actually fully functional I'll give it another try, it is in early access after all, but right now I just don't really want to bother with trial and erroring my way through the controls."You think you've got what it takes to be you is winner? Meet me in the wrestling ring comrade. Yes, there are kinks being worked out. I pray for the day a 15 player game makes me sad, not excited, that I get to play with double digit numbers."Long story short, this is the only battle royal that I've actually been able to enjoy. Am I bias because it's Game Grumps? Totally, but still. Every game is fun to play, even the ones I lose, which is most of them.It's smaller than other BR games.-49 players on a relatively small map with a quickly spawning wall. So matches a super fast paced and action packed, especially in bigger matches.The controls are very simple.-Three buttons (Excluding the ones for moving): One for jumping, one for running/activating a powerups special ability (They're the same button), and one for activating your spare powerup.You'd think a pixelated 2-D platformer where you almost nothing but jump around Mario-style on other players wouldn't have skill or strategy involved, and you'd be wrong.-Every powerup has it's quirks to keep them balanced, and you will be surprised how careful you have to be when in a ""battle"" with another player. You may think you have the upper hand one moment, only to be stomped in the next.Basically, if you don't like the Call Of Duty: Shoot a Man type of battle royal games, and would rather squish pixelated sprites of Arin and Dan (among others, of course), then why not give this game a shot.""I've seen a lot of reviewers say that they experience terrible lag while playing. I however, have yet to experience any lag at all and i'm playing on a laptop with subpar internet. Also after three days the game is still fun and interesting.Although there is a small user base that isn't particularly a bad thing. Even if you are in a game with just 10 people it's still exciting. Another cool thing about there being a small user base is that you eventually begin to recognize other player and form rivalries.I personally am terrible at first person shooters so getting a platformer style battle royale game is a breath of fresh air.Other good things:Responsive controlsGood combatGreat soundtrackGreat powerupsFun outfitsI think this game is this game is 100% worth trying dispite what other reviews say.""What a nice game! I love retro games and even more when you can play with more people around, but in my humble opinion it needs more game modes for example; ""Who collects more coins"" or something like ""who reached the goal firts""Overall is good to pass the time. <3""Honestly I have not had this much fun in a multiplayer game in a long time and the community surrounding it is growing fast. Every game has its issues and naysayers in the beginning but don't let that stop you from giving it a try. Network connectivity and bugs will eventually be a thing of the past comrades.10/10 would take this game on a very expensive dinner date for sure."this is a great game, really really fun, it is a little bit choppy framerate wise my highest amount of frames is roughly 35-45fps but otherwise is a really fun game, and i cant wait to see if it gets released on other platforms/consoles~!While the presentation and such is nice it's impossible to recommend this since next to no one is playing it. I tried around 10 times to play a game but nobody else was online.Love the Game Grumps. Unfortunately this game is unplayable as it is now. Wish they would've waited and published the game later. Maybe it's hard to know how well a battle royal is gonna do until you publish it. Regardless, I h"Feels like a remake of Joust (1982) and Super Mario Bros. It's a fun, little free game with tons of unlockables and nice presentation, but the controls currently feel too slippery, imprecise, and laggy to be taken seriously as a competitive game. You're either fighting the constant lag-teleporting of other players or you're fighting the controls.As far as the game design goes, there's not much depth to it. But it's a distraction worth trying. It's novel. No other game like it out there. For free? Download it! But I do not recommend buying the paid packs, unless you want to support the devs.""It's an interesting way to do a platformer in a battle royale style. It's actually quite a fun concept. In the hands of the right developers this could be a big hit.Thing is, there are too many problems with the game that are getting in the way of it all;1. Lack of players.While the game allows you to connect to anywhere (which is nice), it comes at a cost. Want more players? Better sacrifice connection speed. Speaking of which...2. LagThe game's style is partially mimicking the glitchy nonsense Game Grumps found and did some videos on (an incomplete game). That's cute and all, but when introduced with REAL lag, it's a severe problem. You can't tell what is a connection issue or a visual glitch (there's an option to turn them off).3. MonetizationWhile the theme is a great joke to place Microtransactions in, the costs are not worth it when compared with problems 1 and 2. You'll likely not play long enough to warrant the time vs money spent argument, and the game play, while fun, is a bit shallow for this type of monetization. Probably the worst of it all, is every aspect of your character is monetized.With the right time and money investment, some dedicated servers, and a bit more depth to the game play (I do enjoy it as is), this could be really good."Good game, apparently some issues with not having eu servers yet, but they've already talked about their plans to fix that in a recent update, game doesn't deserve mixed reviews, it's easy to pick up and very addictive! 8/10I like the Game Grumps, but this game controls like hot garbage and I know it's supposed to be the point "It's an old NES rip off" That kinda art style is fine but shouldn't bleed over into floaty unresponsive jumps and crap movement. I hope that part gets updated then I would want to play.Finally, a battle royale where the round are short, simple and anyone can win. Love it.I was lucky enough to be one of the beta testers for this game. Ever since I started playing, I've been absolutely crazy about how good this game is! It has changed so much since then, and it just keeps getting better! I cannot possibly begin to express just how much I love this game and all the people involved in its development! _It still needs some time in the oven. Menus keep messing up on my leaving me unable to select or navigate. Had to alt+F4 several times. Hope to see it improve.good game, it would be cool if there were leaderboards. i encountered a bug where i fell through the floor with that head that goes up and down like a thwomp"It's a cute idea and all, but the constant rubber banding and lag makes it impossible to dodge attacks, land on others, or even make jumps.current state of the game is not good, come back later."