Brilliant game. The true successor to RCT3. The level of detail you can attain in this game is staggering. I just spent 2 hours designing a toilet building."Pros:+ The developers keep updating the game for free (third one so far)+ A lot of different scenarios and other modes+ Possibility for so much uniqueness and creativity. I never realised how creative I was, but this game is pushing my potential!+ Workshop content. Sometimes, I am unable to create super-awesome things, but luckily, hundreds of other people can and they upload all their creative creations online!Update: +Another Free Update even though they did publish paid DLCs! YAY ME!Cons:- Requires a lot of time and patience to practice the placing of objects and creating your artistic vision- I find that there is a limiting restriction on building walls and roofs, which might leave you a bit dissatisfied. I am sure there is a work-around by using much more objects as resources, but it is more tedious than I'd like it to be.TLDR: Amazing game, get it as long as you can be patient to learn and to explore your creativity."Funny story about this game. I bought it about a year ago, played for an hour and switched it off. The controls and navigation were frustrating me. A year later I decided I'm gonna give this another try. What I am about to say is not to be taken lightly as I have played all the theme park builder games and tycoon games back to the windows 95 days. THIS IS WITHOUT A HINT OF DOUBT THE BEST THEME PARK BUILDER EVER! It is so aesthetically pleasing and the creative freedom is close to limitless! Once you get past the awkward barrier of in game navigation you will love every aspect of it. The career mode is fantastic and it is not the type that you will just want to rush through to get it out of the way. Frontier have taken theme park builders to a whole new level! Amazing!"I abslolutely LOVE this game. I am in my 40s and I actually design attractions for real parks for a living. Alot of people talk about the lag and the game play. I have found that if you keep simplicity in mind and create large parks with only scenery where the guests would see it in reality, keep your que lines decorated with simple landscaping and flora, use only a few props for decorating purposes and keep a nice clean and open approach, you will have seamless and enjoyable play. It is very realistic in it's management, marketing and security features, as well. If you start with a small area, only allow 200 in your park, let it become popular, then add an area, allow another 100 people in and so forth. You will find that the park almost runs itself with very little problems.I am an old school RCT player. I have created rides and content for RCT3 for a long time. This game made all of that so much easier and the ability to share creations with others is one of the best features of this game. Would I change anything? Not really. Frontier seems to be on top of things and the updates and customer service is near perfect. So in closing, remember this: There are folks like myself out here using this program to create the new and exciting things you see in the real world every day and using it to test reactions and popularity. It is truly a theme park creator in the most literal sense.""I have waited one year for a picknick bench.Now they added it ingame and they did not even ask money for it.How else can i get pride and accomplishment if it is just a free update and not behind a paywall or lootbox!?"Probably the best Rollercoaster sim game to ever come out, give the community more time and I am sure the Workshop will be filled with some AMAZING creations."I love this game, its right up my alley, but heres whats bothering me. I get that you need to advertise your DLC's but its frustrating to have rollercoasters or other buildings in the game and when trying to use them get linked to the DLC's store page. Why not use the regular pop up windows in the main menu? I haven't even played for that long but its putting me off at this point, other games just exclude the DLC items instead of rubbing the fact that I don't have them in my face. Its not even motivating me to buy them either?Other than that really fun game. Its a bit annoying to figure out how to play it since the tutorial is a bunch of videos instead of a playable sequence but that might just be me not being patient enough to have some guy explain the game to me.""If you love theme parks and customization...then you've come to the right place! This game is extremely addicting. I've already spent tons of hours just getting lost in detailing whatever creation that I'm working on at the time. To me, it's not so much about playing the actual game...it's about letting my imagination take over and build some really neat things that you might not see in real theme parks.I love that the developers are continuing to add to the game. It could always use more objects for us to build with and more rides (not just coasters), but I'm sure they're working hard on it already! Great job Frontier!"I've been a stubborn RCT 1&2 fan for over 10 years now. RCT3 was a dissapointment, and after that I felt like the series was lost. Enter Planet Coaster. I must admit I was skeptical at first... but this game is absolutely fantastic. Everything, from the satisfaction of curved paths, to the terraforming and the massive choice of rides is spot on. Coaster building is intuitive and the game just looks gorgeous. Highly recommend not only for disenfranchised RCT fans, but also fans of this genre.I had intially written a bad review after the ride reputation patch first came out and had screwed up the game mechanics, however, the game developers did respond both directly and to the community and addressed the issues. This is overall a great game and I'm glad that they fixed the problems and are listening to the players. I do recommend this game once again and love to play it!Amazing game! DLC's are not fun for your wallet tho."This is undoubtedly the theme park simulator we've all been craving for since the days of Theme Park and Roller Coaster Tycoon.While the management and tech progression could do with a little spit polish to bring it up to par against its simply outstanding construction features, this is nothing but an insignificant nitpick on an otherwise superb game."Really cool and fun, my only issue is it really needs to be optimized. once you get a couple thousand people in your park the game comes to a grinding hault, I had a park where people were addicted to this one ride and about 3k people were all at the one line and it made my game save unplayable.I've played all of the RCT franchise games. PC is by far the best rollercoaster game I've played so far. The devs actually listen to their customers making the gameplay even better. Instead of making everything into DLC's, devs actually give free updates. I highly recommend this game if you like rollercoaster simulation games.At first I liked the game. Then it felt like it was missing rides and other stores. Suddenly everything was releasing in $11 dlc packs. There are like 6 or 7 of them as well as many cheaper ones. I feel like there should be free updates to the game and not this much DLC. If there was a DLC pass for $30 or less sure, but the constant flow of $11 packs is insane especially when it feels like theyre worth much less.No matter how many trash cans you put down there will always be that one punk that doesn't care to use them.Would be a good game if not for all the DLC. A lot of this DLC came out shortly after the game came live. In a game based of aesthetics of your park, this game works hard to cut your creativity behind a paywall that honestly shouldn't exist. Unless they drastically cut the price of the DLC or make it free altogether, I can't recommend this game. Which is a real shame. It looks like it had a lot of potential. I was really hopeful about its release. But as it stands, the devs decided to make content alongside the release of the game and wanted to gouge the consumers. That is absurd. Will be worth if in the future they drop the prices. But until then I can not recommend."THE GOOD :Extremely creative and allow customization beyond your wildest dreams!! For me a game I have been waiting for all my life; You can create the most amazing theme parks in this game, the piece by piece building is really let your imagination and creativity do the trick... And even if you are not creative, you can make the most beautifull parks by using the workshop, So many awesome pieces, shops and rides and of-course lots of challanges to discover, Absolutly a ""must buy"" game for everyone!THE BAD:I'm very saddened by the fact that they need to overload this game with DLC. So much stuff are just locked behind the DLC wall, I'd be okay with it if these packs weren't so extremely pricy though. The fact is that the game itself has a base price of 50$. Then all the DLC together is almost another 110$. unacceptable amount of money.""I've spent three hours making my burger shop look decent.Then six hours building a roller coaster, so it just can go under the bridge.Followed up by ten hours of creating a good looking entrance to the park.Meanwhile, all my staff left me, all rides are broken and half of my park is vandalised because I forgot to raise salaries...But boy, would I repeat it again."Excellent game. Much better than Rollercoaster Tycoon World. Infact it is everything that Rollercoaster Tycoon World should have been! If you want to build a theme park with decent graphics, no lag and no bugs... This is the game for you!I have logged 1200 hours of playtime on this game, and I am STILL hooked. Anyone with fond memories of RCT games will enjoy this, anyone who enjoys creative building will especially love this game. I cant recommend it enough, the $40 I spent on this game has kept me entertained for almost 5 months now. There are thousands of pieces to build with, scenery and building items, and the coaster building is very complex as well.I agree with other reviews saying that this game is not a management game but just a desgin game, which is disappointing as it becomes boring fast if you want the management elementsThis game is fun in all aspects of amusement park management and design, but the performance of the game when your park becomes bigger and more populated is what kills this game for me. I have a 1080ti, 16gb of ram, i7 8086k overclocked, and my pc struggles to run the game smoothly when park attendance is over 3k visitors. I really love the game but trying to play the game at 15-25 fps kills the fun and makes the game a miserable experience which keeps me from recommending it to others and buying the DLC.Although I haven't played a theme park sim in almos two decades, Planet Coaster delighted the sim enthusiast within me. Amazing graphics combine with an excellent suite of tools to create an atmosphere so thick with rides and screams that I want to go ride a real roller coaster right now! For the moment Planet Coaster will have to suffice, and it certainly has a lot to do if you want to create your own little slice of coaster heaven. The game does have one flaw, which many reviewers have already noted - the management side of the game is weak. The developers are working on it, but balancing issues will likely always be there because the game wants to be fun more than it wants to be demanding. Accordingly, this game is a definite buy for anyone who loves simulations and designing their own worlds. This might be a buy for people interested in pretending to be titan of industry. Nevertheless, for anyone who just wants to build cool coasters, this game will certainly entertain.For me a game Ive been waiting for all my life! You can create the most amazing theme parcs in this game! For me the piece by piece building and really let your imagination and creativity do the trick.. is the most amazing thing in this game! And even if you are not creative, you can make the most beautifull parcs by using the workshop! So many awesome pieces, mascottes, shops and rides and ofcourse challanges to discover and dont forget about the most beautifull and amazing music they have put into this game! Absolutly a must buy game for everyone! This game is the best! Love this game!This game is amazing! I love this game! If you like to build and manage amusement parks then this game is a must have for you. I've played all roller coaster tycoon games and all of them aren't good as this one but they are cool except for the new one that came out recently, but they are not even 10% good compared to this game, Planet Coaster totally smashed it, it's really amazing you can do whatever you want literally anything you want every small detail everything, so yes build a fairy tale theme park or a pirate theme park or whatever you want, manage your park, make some marketing such as tv commercials, internet ads and a lot more so more people will get to know your park and come to have some fun, watch people having fun in your park look what they're thinking, positive or negative thoughts such as "this ride is awesome", "this queue is taking so long", so yes manage it make it the best amusement park ever, make people happy make people enjoy and have fun there, Amazing game.By far the best theme park builder ever made. If you are on the fence about buying this game, do yourself a favor and just do it. Not only is it one of the rare exclusives that the PC gaming market gets, but it is also fantastic.This is the absolute best "game" I've ever owned. I put about 40 hours into the game part that was certainly "decent" but the real jewel is building your own rides and parks. I've now put about 400 hours into the game and still going strong. The graphics are phenomenal, and there is a massive community of content creators who post reusable buildings, rides, etc.I'm a big fan of previous Rollercoaster Tycoon games, but this game just didn't scratch that itch. It feels a lot more like a sandbox for creating parks than managing AND creating them. The thing I loved about Rollercoaster tycoon was building up money slowly until I could afford to build an amazing rollercoaster. When I finally had enough, I poured tons of time into making it the best it could be to impress guests, make it as exciting as possible, and make as much money as possible, of course. Sadly, this element seems to be absent from the game. The management aspect does not feel satisfying at all and does not strike that rollercoaster tycoon balance of management and creativity- I never felt rewarded for creating a great rollercoaster or building a great park. If you're looking for a nice tool to just design parks, this game is perfect for you, but if you are looking for an experience similar to the old rollercoaster tycoon games, just play RCT2 instead.