Great buy for coronavirus quarantineDoesn't solve depression but still funAbsolutely incredible game, I love it to bits and it was a blast going for 100% achievements. Except for the mini-game one, screw that. Overall it's a 9/10 for me. Dirt cheap for the amount of content it has. I especially enjoyed the social aspects of the game.This game is fantastic! I love it! Every single of it. I got it as a present from good old dear friend of mine 2 years ago, and then I launched it, played for 50 minutes and deleted it again. Now in 2020 I installed it again, because I still had it as good game in the back of my head. So I installed it, and started playing. In 2 weeks I clocked 60 hours in this game. It's amazing. I love how relaxing it is, the music is incredible, there are so many things you can do, like mining, farming, gathering, producing, automating, animal farming, relationships, fishing and so much more. It's a masterpiece!it funjust one more day"Stardew Valley is just perfect.So much fun managing your own farm, so many things you can do.I got hooked again and I cant stop playing.Buy this already if you havent yet!""This game right here is a good way to spend time in those days with nothing to do, you can spend hours, maybe days in this game and always have something to do.Perfect for the Corona virus quarantine days."i can finally be a lesbian farmer from the comfort of my own home"multiplayer stardew is the most beautiful thing i've ever witnessed. it is an endless serotonin fountain of watering crops together, fighting together, doing stupid stuff together, collectively squealing over our collective cat, cooperative mining, and one person with 10 fishing skill and nothing else. i'm tearing up writing this review. single player stardew is nearly as good, except without all my best friends continually stealing the fireplace out of my house and sleeping in my bed.i love this game so much that i bought it for switch too. at full price."Have you ever played Harvest Moon? Yes? Then it's all you need to know. This game is even better.Despite having clunky control and menu and missing minor feature here and there, the game offer so much things to do. The reward system is also a great addition that is so satisfying to complete.this is AWESOME GAME!!!!Love it.Really awesome game so far! I had one minor bug with the quest to create a scarecrow but that may have something to do with creating that character and then waiting RL weeks to pick up the game again. I really reccomend this game!amazing!!!!!I love this game so much. It is a bit grindy as you have to wait to collect money and produce, but this game is definitely worth the wait.This game is fantastic! I have only recently started but there are a ton of things to do. It's a nice change of pace from some of the other genres I enjoy. This game has great retro graphics and a lot of charm.Stardew Valley is a Very addicting and fun game that does resemble Harvest Moon in some ways but is unique in it's own way as wellI'm a big fan of the Harvest Moon series, so I gave Stardew Valley a shot. I was not disapointed! This game has kept me entertained for hour's! I'm finishing up my first year and I feel like there is so much for me to do still. In Harvest Moon you can level up and complete a big chunk in one year. In this game much more complex. I also like the light combat that this game throws in. Very fun game, I definetly recommend this game! Have fun guys.This game is a real treat. As Zero Punctuation said This game killed harvest moon and wear it's skin around. But to great effect! I loaded the game one night and realized a week had passed and other then go to work and eat I had done nothing else with my life.Everyone thinks this is a farming simulator game but after I heard a creepy sound during the night and saw a green guy at the sea I WILL WARN YOU THAT THIS IS A HORROR GAME !!This game is amazing!!!! A must have adventure of a lifetime raising a farm,going on a Adventure,or just having fun in the town. Enjoy!This game is incredibly addictive, once I started playing I just could not stop. You definitely get your moneys worth with this game. 10/10 Would farm. Again.Great Game by all means. It's like a love letter to fans of the harvest moon series. However, I played Harvest moon after this so know that there is no bias. It's an exceptional game with all of the feeling of the country life that you could ask for. I've played this game for over 100 hours and I can tell you personally that this game is worth it."83 hours into this game and I hate it.....>.> <.< Ok who am I kidding..I mean honestly this game is AMAZING! As I said I've put 83 hours into it and there have never been a dull moment. This game is Harvest Moon heaven. I love how you collect, interact, have pets to tend, events to attend, and a family to raise. I really dont have a bad thing to say about this game. I get lost for hours in it.Several months agter my review and I am still loving this game. I stopped playing for a little bit but thats normal with all games. New ones come out, you go and play those you know the drill. Anyways I always seem to come back to this one. It's amazing."Might not be for everyone as it can be slightly monotonous at first but it really sucked me in. Every day I would have a plan for the next and the next. 9/10 but not for everyone can be slow; watch some videos first.Terrifyingly good and addictive. I bow deeply before ConcernedApe, for his hard work and dedication, and hope more developers take a page from his book.Some of the best money I've spent on a game in a long time. With so much to do it is always enough to keep you entertained and still keeps you engaged without ever becoming bored. I've spent a lot more money on games that I've gotten bored with a lot faster than this one. Bought this game for a couple of friends just to share the experience. Even after buying my copy and two others I'd still say it was worth every penny and then some."This game will easy sidetrack you because it's very addictive. As soon as you've done one thing you're swamping yourself with the millions of other things you want to do.Its very easy to play, and very easy to lose track of time. It has great NCP's and a great combat system. "