Excellent Indie game to kill time with, looking forward to more updates in the future :DDecent game, up until they decided to remove player run games, and the ability to invite friends.I am currently number 1 on the games top 10 player chart. The game has a great concept but it needs a lot of work. Its way too easy. I can get the max tier melee weapon on day 3. I win all my matches by day 5 or 6. the boss mobs need double or triple the damage output and at least 4x the health. there's no real incentive to seek out other players or for any pvp interaction. the ranged weapons are too difficult to obtain, and there damage output is basically useless. the mobs are no threat at all and there's little or no incentive to be on the home island until you have 15 shards and by then, one home scroll and the games over. i get to the center island by day 4 and the supply drops on day 5 usually have 3 life shards each. I recommend eliminating these from the supply drops. i can get to 3 of them before they vanish. that is 6 to 9 life shards right there. combine that with the boss mobs on the islands and I cap each game with zero inhibition from other players or mobs. Im open to switching my review, but for now Ostrofa has no replay value. that's an important factor for a game of this type.Interesting move mixing battle royale and survival together. My group played a round and while it was confusing at first, we picked it up pretty fast and had a lot of fun. It does have some bugs that need fixed, but for a free to play game it's got a lot of cool features and a large variety of crafting items already in it. The main thing is its fun, and easily accessible. If it sounds interesting at all to you, I highly recommend you check it out, after all it doesn't cost you a thing.good gameAnnoying. Can't play solo. Server space is 8 ppl max. When you press space bar it works only 1/3.Drowned in the first 2 minutes, didn't know I couldn't swim. Needs a lot of work, pre-game lobby needs some sort of chat filter because everyone was being racist."It took me more than 30 minutes to create an account, then It doesn't connect to any servers and cancels by itself!(Also the first menu is very small, for ants)""Indeed this game is amazing ! ""Survival type "". It is something new and fun to do . They game still is in early acces, but I allready enjoyed it. Its survival ,its competitive, its fun . You can cook , you fish, you can go for adventure explore the surroundings, you can craft many items ( weapons armors , axes pick axes and many other items , Its really fun to play .And still many new overwhelming updates will come . This game have big potential in my opinion. Thank you !"This is not like fortnite that even a first timer can just jump down and shoot others. A survival game like this needs a single player modethis game is so ____ never install it or ur ____.work in progress but amazing so far.Great game so far a little bit of bugs and theirs no tutorial but theirs a lot of hope for this gameFunny Game with a high potential!"STAY AWAY: DEADLY MOLD!Solid 0.5/10"Little nice game.Absolutely unplayable for anyone over 8 years old at this time. Its a remake of Bridges/SkyWars from MineCraft. Barebones, clunky mechanics, weird sprite boxes, counter-intuitive crafting UI. Tons of potential and free so give a shot when its had updates.so as you can see i haven't spent too much time on the game but i can safely say that it is a trash concept and i doubt that anyone will enjoy it at its current state.really fun for a new game, hope they make the movements a bit more fluid (especially the jump) and add a few more features maybe different game modes, other than that i was pleasantly surprised, this game has everything i like 10/10 recommend"Good little game, look forward to its development. As there is not alot of players and some always seem to be dumb bots, games are over fast, there is no fight or struggle.""I am in love with this games possibilities. There is so much potential here, though it is still very playable at the current state. I am just so eager to see where it goes. Very fun so far, even though the player base is pretty small, you can still play with bots if your stuck in a q. Basically Minecraft/Unturned meets Fortnite/Age of Empires. It is very unique and kind of has some properties from each of these games, but crafts its own unique feel. I could see it developing in a number of different ways and being successful. Some early access comments I have for the developer to work on is:*The physics, falling into water and off bridges on accident happens quite often, maybe change the block/box size to make this a little more forgiving.- That's it for now, I will continually update as I play.* ""Wish there will be a sandbox for single players.And tutorials for recruits are needed,too."i am thwe rockIt is a fun gameReally nice game, a little bit boring but very nice!interesting concept, free, and on mac. excited for updates.Needs work! but WOW does this game have a lot of potential.A fun little game with huge potential. I feel they need to work on a better interface & fix the endgame, at the moment all you need is stone and you win. I feel like this game could hit off if they work hard to improve it.Great game in early development, needs to be worked on, I see that this game has lots of potential and will rise to the top if more time is put into making this game even better