Gameplay is neat and there are still people playing it. Yes fandom sometimes might be toxic but it's fun enough to ignore it. You don't have to be good to play this game. Just raise your sword and achieve some cool fatality.Its older now but still holds up well. Its fun and definitely worth a try, very worth while when on sale.In a free for all, you suddenly have this intense duel with someone, he blocks you block. he kicks you kick, then suddenly a wild vanguard appears and decapitates you both!Yes you have to buy the useless piece of sh*t Beta Chivalry, yes you miss the earlier discounts from this game so it cost you a lot now.But, i recommend this モモモ slicing game :) 8/10Chivalry is chaotic battle greatness. i suggest it. its the realistic and the craziness of well.. chivaly. it created its own chaos. lots of funFun but, a bit hard for begginners. Never had played Medieval FPS. FUN!THE UNCONTESTED BEST MULTIPLAYER GAME TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS. IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS GET THE GAMEProbably the funnest game ever. Super easy to get used to. Chopping someone's head off is the best feel.Stand up. Die. Stand up. Die. Stand up. Die. Stand up. ALMOST KILLED THAT モモモモギ Die.Best medieval fighting game ever!!!!!So much fun, graphics are amazing, and gameplay is greatTo put it simply, this game is モモモラng great. If you feel the sudden urge to smash someones head with a spiked mace or pierce thier heart with a long sharp spear, this is the game to do it. Set your guns aside and step into the gritty world of medieval warfare where the battlefields are covered in blood and the warriors covered in brains.sumtiem i fite giant, sumetiem i fite darht vader but we all kno im snortin coke on the death star posted wit da faderput it on console PLZI got this for 拢3 in the sale of 80% off after the trial weekend and it's one of the funniest games I've ever played. Lopping people's heads off is more fun than you'd think :)Good game, the best in the multiplayer slasher genre. Awful community, the worst I've ever seen.I remember my first experience in this game, I jumped in and though "Hey this looks awesome!" Unfortunately I did not see the very large sword coming toward my head and swiftly taking it off. You may think this would have put me off, but no. I kept on playing and now I have over 100 hours and I'm still not great XD. You will not come into this game and whoop モモガ but you will come into this game and have fun. All things considered, it is one of the best (if not the best) game I have ever played in my life, and because of this I no longer have any friends :). So take my advice and purchase this game while it is on sale. You will not regret your decision :DA+ 100% Recommend it.モモモ yes. Decapatating fools, lopping off limbs, wrecking the face of any knight that crosses your path. A ridiculously fun game, pick it up at some point.Really loving this game, The graphics are good, there is always servers with tons of people and the different classes are awesome too.My favorite game on steam is definetly Chivalry: Medival Warfare. At first, the gameplay may seem repetitious, but as I dove into this game, I found it was truly awesome. Kills are so satisfying, and there are many ways to play. 10/10 would play again.the game is very fun with friends but solo not so much. the game has 4 classes with different weapons and gear. the game is a hardcore one hit kill game that is very fast and silly ( kind of like csgo).click kills medieval man. but sometime click save you from medieval man. but sometime click stab medieval man. and sometime click slash medieval man. but usually medieval teammate murders you with a crossbow bolt to the back of the head and you lost game.Yell at people simulator 1300Cut your friends headsGreat game, It contains some of the most skilled combat that's insane to master but once you understand the concept, it will be on of your most enjoyable game.Chivalry Medival Warfare: Is A Game About First Person Combat. The Game Is Online With Peaple On Servers. There Are Different game Modes Upgrades And More. The Game Feature Physics Based Combat That Plays pretty Well. It Features Seconary attacks And Primary Aswell as Different characters Suck as Archer And Swordsmen and more. The graphics Are Okay But Nothing Special But Still Good. Gameplay is Fun Execpt When Trolls Come In On Servers On Your Own teamates Try to Kill You ): There Are Also Objectives On Some game modes on Servers Witch you Have to protect Special object/Buildings.for 2,3 euro? nothing has ever been as worth it as this game!Chivalry is tough. It isn't easy. If your typically a good online gamer, usually with a ratio of about 2:1/3:1 or better, think again with this one. It is a punishing game! If you don't play tenaciously you are going to be about 1:1. It feels a bit sluggish at times i.e. running/swinging your sword, but its hella fun. Visually awesome, and unique, nothing beats decapitating your enemies and shoutingjust got this game and so far it is really fun and addicitive. it takes some getting used to but after a little bit of time you start to get the hang of how the controls are and you are on the battlefield slaying the enemy. i will say that it is very unforgiving and you WILL KILL AND GET KILLED BY YOUR TEAM A LOT. it is fun and looks very nice. i will say that you have to buy alot of the stuff (i only got basic) but it is NOT PTW