Yes, finaly i have this game, :D nice game, but to far server, im from SEA got 350 ms ping. good gameDaedroths 9.8 out of 10I just want to mention that after finishing the downloading on Steam, there's over 6GB patch lol. Anyway, enjoy it!"Fun, but some of the latest patches seems to have up with performance.
Lets hope this will be fixed.
REcommanded anyway for great game, even if this isnt an TES speaking truly."So far this game looks really good graphics wise. Up there with FF XIVGreat game, it just has some bugs.Didnt like the game at first witch was months ago. Started a new charecter as mage and love itAfter the wonderful experience of The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim, I wanted to try another part. But my expectations were not fulfilled. It could be, because I was accustomed to Skyrim. However, this is a great game what pulled me into the story and don't release. I recommend to all."en stars from me. This game is made with a lot of love. Its really well done. I have played WOW for many years. My son recommended Elder Scrolls. I was surprised when I tried it. The story is fantastic, the gameplay - I love it.
Really well done."a great game with a lot of stuff to do, fun alone and even more with friends and very fun to explore tamrielBig Elder Scrolls fan, First MMO. Really enjoying it, lots of lore and the world is huge lots to explore, and its got fishing!I love to play in 3.rd person and steal stuff. Rogues for the win :DWorld of Elder Scrolls...nice game and enjoyable"review should be taken as a ""first impressions"" sort of review until I have more time into the game and have experienced much more of it.

All that said:
The feel and look of the game is great. It definitely has an Elder Scrolls feel to the game and it mixes elements from a couple of the previous Elder Scrolls games and puts them into an MMO environment.
The combat is pretty good, it doesn't feel really clunky and its not as much of a press a button, let the invisible dice roll, and watch your character beat up an NPC until it dies while you watch the animations. It is a bit more involved and it isn't overly boring.
Graphically, it doesn't hold up to Skyrim graphics, however it is still a visually pleasing game that gives the Elder Scrolls feel. I have noticed that when I run up to NPCs or load into a new area that there is some texture pop in even though I'm running it with every setting maxed out. It's a minor issue but it is pretty distracting when it happens.
The game can be as bit buggy, that said its not been anything game breaking. It was mainly NPCs kind of quickly changing directions and bouncing back and forth in a small area where they were standing/walking before they stopped as I talked to them. Again, nothing game breaking or serious, but it is quite distracting.
The UI is a bit hit and miss. It's kind of clunky at first but once you get aquainted with where everything is and how to work it it quickly. Over all, not a horrible UI just takes some getting used to. That said, you are able to look at your map, inventory, journal/quest log, and pretty much everything else as you are running across the land so you can look through things as you travel to break up the monotony/get more done as you go.
Overall, my impressions of the game are very good. I did not play ESO when it originally released as the idea of a sub fee and the initial reviews turned me away, at least until the game was improved. They've now made the sub an optional feature and from other reviews they have improved a good bit of what people complained about when the game released.
Overall, defintely worth a shot if you like MMOs and the Elder Scrolls world/series. Do not run into this thinking its Skyrim Online, because you will be disappointed. Instead, walk into it with an open mind and realize you're going into an MMO that's based inside the Elder Scrolls world. You won't have any unrealistic expectations that way.

I bought the game for $24 on sale as I was apprenhensive, even after the Tamriel Unlimited relaunch, to pay a full $60. Whether or not you are willing to wait for another sale or pay the full price is up to you. But considering what I've experienced so far, i like it. Depending on how involved I get with the game I will be considering the optional subscription.

TL:DR: Solid MMO (based on first impressions) that is set in the world of Elder Scrolls. Great looking game and it's quite fun. Worth a shot if you can find it on sale."This game is fairly good, not really a walk around and do what you want game but its good but i must say i feel like it has F***ed me because its used 79 GIG of my Broadband, in other words its used $80 worth of internet and the game cost $34.Its an enjoyable game though....."Remarkable difference since it first launched. The game is actually fun! Didn't feel like a grind, was immersed and took my time laying back with my controller. Story and voice acting is good!
Only critical cons are:
1. The engine isn't really optimised but there are some technical tweaks to improve it - smooth framerates, remove 30FPS cap (SLI), and high res textures.
2. Not made with SLI in mind.
3. No polearms!"Great MMO! Not too grindy but not too simple either. Pretty much skyrim with multiplayer except way way way more to do and more in depth classes. You can casually go about it or go super in depth to synergize skills and traits. Definitly would recomend!Good gameGreat game, complex characters, nice blend of open world and mmorpg.Big fan of the elder scroll series, the quests kind of get boring and repetative. Besides this the game is not that badIts not WoW or Star Wars Galaxies but.... I like it.Slave to the Grind."10/10Made me kill my whole family
-MLG420Scoper"Playing this game consumes so much energy than walking irl.10/10 Really is the best MMo of 2015. Don't be afraid to change up skills and weapons to build your own setup. once you hit V1 is when the game really gets interesting."Best experience i have had in an MMO in a long time.
While the quality of the writing may not be what a traditional Elder Scrolls title might include; I found it to be engaging. The side quests rarely feel cookie cutter. And the sense of exploration is a nice touch.
Combat is responsive, both pve and pvp. And the crafting is done extremely well.
Would highly recommend, if you have the spare time, and wish to try a new MMO.
**In addition, for an MMO, the game looks great.
8.5/10""After about 5 hours of play, I can say that this game is fun. It certainly feels like an Elder Scrolls (for now at least).
I don't see myself getting bored of it, but it's an mmo so i'm assuming it'll get grindy after a certain point.
I'd get it if you have a fat wad of cash and don't mind buying something you may or may not enjoy because it's fun right now."Thousands of content that will last more than 100+ hours.