THIS IS A GOOD GAME(sorry for caps) but i cant play it anymore i just get a black screen and its really annoying"Plants vs Zombies... was one of the best games when i was younger. I just love the game! Grabed it on sale for 1.09 and im glad for that. I just love this game :) Still enjoying it today, cant play it hours in a row tho :P "Good Overall Game Recommendedbest game everit's a most game ever!The be all and end all tower defence. Even though I often shy away from the genre of building towers to defend from waves of enemies Plants vs Zombies stands as one of my absolute favourite time sinks of all time. Genuinly funny in it's quirkiness together with gameplay that moves from soothingly casual to intensely challenging in the later parts."Great game. It's a tower defense. Lots of post game content to keep you going, challenge modes, mini games, etc.Lots of value, no in game purchases."I Love This GameAn awesome and fun game. Easy to learn and filled with alot of diffrent minigames and alot of content to unlock. You have many hours of playtime ahead of you. Just a brilliant game!You plant plants, the plants are zombie killing machines. Addictive and fun! What are you waiting for? Buy it already!This game is quite fun! It can also be pretty challenging!awesome is all i can sayI've owned this game for ages now. Even had a nice garden growing. Then, it got boring and I stopped playing it for a long time. And yet, somehow, it has still enticed me into playing again. Perhaps a bit repetitive if played consistently for a long time but it'll draw you back in whether you like it or not-GET OFF MY LAWN, ZOMBIES!! If you'll excuse me, I need to go plant some peashooters.Fun, well paced game.Very nostalgic. Did enjoy"this game is total nostalgia for people who remembers this game and love weird tower defenders like this onei give it a 10/10 because it's such a good game and would love to play it for hours to complete it all"Probably the best tower defence game of all time.Endless funThe feeling you get when you cmplete the game is unvaluablei started to play this game when i was 11 years old and now iam already 22 years old. how nostalgic this game and still i cant never forget this game even now 2020 cuz i still love this game and this game when never get boring. plus this game is a gem.haha funy plant shoot man