good game.COUNTER STRIKE GLOBAL OFFENSIVE, Best game to play if u suck at codTakes a bit of getting used to but quickly becomes one of the most addicting games. The new method of having to reach level 3 sucks but if you keep an open mind you may find this game to be a lot of fun.awesoome . . . . . . . . . . .. .. -.-Putin, vodka, balalaykaNot the biggest fan of first person shooters (except for some call of duties or actual realistic ones) but CS:GO is amazing. But there is a little downside to it and that is the fact that a match is 30-45 minutes on average and it's really hard to get started once you first pick it up, and drops are hard to get. Either way, GG.Best game everNice GameGOOD GAME !!!good great aweful, well see how his latest op plays out.Really good game :P Lot of russian kids playing, but mute them and all will be fine ;)nice game.:DBest of the Best! :D 10/10super kawaii desu~~~yesh this game is better then cod EVRY dayIf you don't already own this game then shame on you. 10/10 would headshot againROAD TO GLOBAL ELITE (Y)The best game! I suggest for everyone. Russians make me stronger.good fps gamecant stop rushing B.very good game, skill based, hackers every now and then but you get that with all games.Awesome game!!! But some few bugs on linux, I can`t complete the weapons course once I just can`t pick the first weapon. And it could let me use the Vulkan istead of openGL, just saying.nah best game eva !Love the game and its gameplay but R.I.P my families econemy...Haven't seen russians yet so i'll give this game a thumbs upyou just have to play this... you have toHonestly , it's a love/hate relationship with this game. It's extremely fun, i'm glad about the whole "Prime" system implemented, actually gives me some motivation to get my rank back without running into so many hackers.once I did, then I don't, then yeahThis game is a solid game with updates and patches that come out pretty decently compared to other Valve games. It has a decent community and the game is pretty fun itself. The first 1000 hours I was hooked to this game but after that, the game started to die off for me. Overall, the game is pretty solid and good with some annoying hit reg issues. Would recommend to a friend.