"MiniState is a brand-new Massively Multiplayer slow paced Strategy game still in Early Access and being developed on.Ministate is completely free at the time of this post and I don't see any current ways to implement monetization unless it to speed up the game.There is currently no tutorial that I've encountered but there is a HELP-PDF on the MiniState discord to help new players learn the ropes.You start with a nation that you name and choose the border color of though you are not told any other information except for a few small popups to tell you to build and eliminate ""Insurgent"" units near your capital.The game is slow paced, most actions for example moving units does take time which can range from a few seconds if you're moving within your borders to hours if they are claiming more land for you.There is a heavy Emphasis on player trading, combat/PVP and likewise but there is no global-chat function in game for users to communicate. For users to communicate outside of discord there is direct messaging in game to other nations.There are resources at the top of your screen which you gain from buildings or trade and lose from building as well as upkeep from units and buildings.PVP/PVE combat involves placing units on a different instanced map in which you have to make orders for your units, currently there are not many actions aside from planning where your units can and should move in succession to one another and waiting and firing. There are some extra aspects like machine-guns being able to suppress infantry though most of the information can be found on the PDF listed on the MiniState discord.There are also three Global events that may occur every turn for every player. Supposedly there is a dice roll with the chances of each event being 60% then 20% and 20%. Which range from Unit Upkeeps, Building Upkeep's and Production where buildings generate resources and population for armies and buildings alike.There is also a ""weekly tournament"" mechanic to gauge how many 'shrines' a tile on the map a single nation control and the nation that controls the most gets a reward.The game has lots of potential and I can see it being a very fun mobile game so long as it keeps to it being free-to-play and not monetizing speed up payment methods.Overall the game for those who enjoy a slow-long winded play session that can last over many days to months if not longer may find MiniState fun.There is not much to do but most of the content should come from PVP. Likewise so long as updates continue to come and the games progress advances and the map stays continuous without any deletions then I recommend this game to any who enjoy a slow paced action aside from PVP.""Hello, was playing this game for about a week, and thoroughly enjoyed it, even with the bugs. But tl;dr, I cannot recommend this game as is.First of all, even with the limited selection of buildings and units, it actually has some rich strategic depth to the game. The combat is nuanced and interesting, and I enjoyed being able to tactically outmaneuver my opponents. I think there's a lot of design choices I wouldn't have chosen, but overall it was pleasant to work out what was happening."Cute game!"Its an early access game so it has its bugs (Hearing everybody's building and moving actions ;-; ) and needs some fixes, but the developer is actively engaging with the community and asks for their input. Definitely worth a try if nation sims are your thing.Also first review :3"Cannot even get started unfortunately, cannot pick a cell, tried pressing on everything, everywhere, no response. Not worth installing untill this game breaking bug is fixed."This game could of been a good ""waste of time"" game to play, but with the clunky controls and gameplay makes this game a miss.There also seems to be an issue with communication from the developers about the status of their game. At this time of writing, the game is down but there was no communication from the developers on Steam to inform the players that the game was down, or what the reason why the game is down.""A fun game once you get to it. Not counting in the Goons, it's an engaging community with intrigue between alliances, rises and falls, ups and downs.It's a constantly developing game led by a single developer, and though it shows, this game is more interesting than over half of my library."Needs a lot of work as is expected for an early access game. Non the less it's pretty ace so far."A mix between NationStates and Civilization.A near perfect mix between NationStates and Civilization."fun game i look forward to the alliance politicsI'm thoroughly enjoying Ministate. It's itching the same scratch as Boundless Planet did, back when that was still a thing.It's a bit rough right now but very promising. Highly recommended."Reminds me of what a 3D visualisation of NationsGame (now Nations) would be.Fairly fun nation sim that's not just a spreadsheet browser sim. Obviously better with friends.Also has a really responsive and nice developer who's very helpful."Great MMO that deserves a chance. I for one really enjoy this game and what it has to offer, but like any MMO you have to be patient. I've read negative comments and am confused on why they would even be commented, as I have over 24 hrs on the game and am yet to experience a single negative. The developer is also a really chill dude so its a very welcoming game with a learning curve.It's pretty rough around the edges but that's to be expected on release day, but this game shows a lot promise and I'm definitely going to keep checking in on this for a while, has fun graphics and some interesting time ideas for a persistent 4x game.There seems to be some issues with anti-blob mechanics atm. It is too easy to expand your borders in the most silliest way possible (stream line for ressources and so on). If the dev won't intoduce an anti-blob mechanic of some sort, I could see the game slowly but surely being stranggled to death by few alliances or one.This game certainly have a long way to go but it is certainly on the right track. Devs are very active in updating the game and eliminating bugs. If you are looking to play a finished, polished, highly optimized game, you might want to wait a few months before dipping into Ministate, but if you are willing to put up with the growing pains you should get a kick out of this. I recommend you join the discord tho, as it can be a bit confusing for new players.The game is fun but it just reset my progress by several days so im done. not sure if its normal but.. yeah no thanks.THERE NO LANDReleased way too early, don't play unless you want to playtest a poorly made game"it is little buggy and bare but id say its a pretty fun game i think the game will turn out great. ima be honest if there was a single player or smaller servers i would probly pay for the game"I can't even place my capital to start the game and the Discord didn't help at allGame got hacked for a second time today, tons of people had their entire base wiped off the map. After 2 weeks of playing building up a massive empire and army, everything suddenly gone overnight."Even in this beta stage it is a very fun strategy game.Please note that you should join a proper alliance to get the most out of the game, if you go solo, you ded..."Game gets hacked and backrolled weeklyWould probably be a good game, if you could place your capital.This is fun yes good game go play yes get game si correct multi lanugagethis game is trash and i cant do anything in game like picking my captol and ____ bruh trash game 3/10Can not place capitalgreat