Resident Evil that we deserve. Capcom. I have only one question. When we should expect Resident Evil 3: Nemesis Remake?I am finally home again. Raccoon City. Now they just need to make RE3 and Dino Crisis remake.Also hope to see Silent Hills remake follow up to compete with this again.What a way to start off 2019 dude. My god..锘壳orgeous graphics and animations... Jesus, this game is looking really impressive. They should remake all the other RE games with this same quality.Probably the best remake game I've ever playedMy only regret playing this is now I want Resident Evil: Code Veronica remake.Update: Guys, Resident Evil 3 remake is announced. All aboard the hype train.Outstanding gameplay, level design and storytelling. GOTY material right here. Already sold on future REmakes! (for the love of god give Outbreak some love!)I've been waiting for this game for over 16 years and they managed to exceed every single expectation I had, that is no easy task.- An incredible remake. Everything was remade from scratch using RE7's engine, delivering top-notch graphics quality.- Two parallel stories to play: Claire's and Leon's.- Plenty of hidden items, weapons and secrets to find, with exploration rewarding attentive and careful players.- True old-school survival horror experience: players need to be extremely conservative with resources and avoid combat when possible.- Varied, challenging gameplay situations that keep the experience fresh from start to end.- Higher difficulties provide considerable challenge even to veterans of the genre.- The "Ink" mechanic (enabling game saving only with a certain consumable) on Hardcore difficulty should be optional, as not all players might like it, but still would like the additional challenge compared to Normal.Waiting for RE3 remake... Waiting for Code Veronica remake...That's how remake is doneResident evil 3 please thank you...Resident Evil 2: Remake is a fun and tension filled homage to classic Resident Evil games with an excellent modern twist.Speaking from a guy who has only played Resident Evil 4 and 5 and never experienced the true survival horror capabilities the Resident Evil franchise has to offer iüd say the game is perfect for anybody curious about diving into the series as well as being satisfying for long time fans.Instead of the fixed camera angles the first RE2 had this version is updated into a 3rd person perspective allowing for a more organic and natural feel for gameplay. Despite the perspective changes youüll often find the game to still be quite claustrophobic as many zombies will try and snuggle up with you while in a small corridor so no worries there.Shooting is the same in this game as the other Resident Evil titles so make sure to position yourself carefully and aim for the head so you suddenly donüt find yourself with a chunk of your flesh missing.The game also allows you to be a little creative when dealing with zombies. So say you want to shoot them but donüt want to use too much ammo, you can also shoot them in the legs and disable them so itüs easier to run away and trust me itüs quite fun to do.Still though, running away is still the most optimal way to play the game as ammo and healing items are worth their weight in gold, especially on hardcore difficulty, and itüs best not to waste them by fighting every zombie you come across.Youüll also find various puzzles youüll need to solve in order to progress through the game. The best addition to this game is that whenever you fully explore a room, the room will then be colored blue telling you that all possible items have been retrieved so if you ever want to find out where to probably check out next just check your map and youüre on your way.All in all, the gameplay is fantastic and definitely can keep you on edge throughout your entire playtime.This game is absolutely meant to be experienced with headphones as it really adds to the horror factor hearing the zombies constantly banging their hands on windows and doors trying to break into the police station and it also helps gameplay wise when a zombie you thought was dead suddenly starts snarling back to life.The game looks absolutely gorgeous as youüll soon find out that with every bullet you put inside a zombies dome the blood and character models on the zombies look both beautiful and terrifying at the same time.The lighting is also top notch as most of the areas youüll explore are very dark and youüll make use of a flashlight in order to navigate and it can be seen that a lot of effort has been made to make sure it looks both good and is functional for gameplay.Facial animations during cutscenes and the environment youüll explore is also well polished and pleasing to the eyes.Just by examining a general overview of the entire story so far and all the lore the Resident Evil series has established so far it can be seen as a little convoluted and ridiculous even for people who are long time fans of the series.However, seeing as how the story has just relatively begun, the story is more simplistic and easier to follow as well as a few changes being made in this game to streamline the action.-Slight Inconsistencies With the StoryAs you do get to play as both Claire and Leon in the game it can lead to a few slight problems with the continuity in the story.For example, who got into the police station first? Who met Sherry first? Are there multiple Mr. Xüs?Small stuff like that that continues to make the timeline a bit skewed here and there.The actual game itself is very short as it would only take me about 13 hours to fully complete both Leon A and Claire B and that includes running around getting all of the collectibles. If you play on hardcore difficulty it may take you a bit longer but for a standard playthough you should be able to beat the game relatively quickly.Now while there is replay value in playing throughout all the different routes if youüre a one time playthrough kind of person, you may lose some value in this game.Final Verdict:(9/10)Resident Evil 2: Remake works both as a fun action/zombie game and tension filled, survival horror as youüll constantly be on your toes as zombies will barge through doors and windows to get a taste of your delicious meaty flesh. Story is also easy enough to understand so anybody can dive right in without any prior knowledge as to who these people are and how they stand in the franchise.