I've been stuck at home due to cancerThe first game was amazingHomicidal fungi with a speech impedimentGrumpy Dwarves with flamethrowers and helicoptersRats with chaingunsVampires going through a "giant mutated crab" phaseAn entire race of men descended from the French soldier in "Monty Python and the Holy Grail"The lizard people that secretly rule the earthWelcome to the wacky world of WarhammerKind of ruined the historical titles for me.My most epic Total War: Warhammer moment: When my line of Chaos Chosen was about to charge into enemy lineThis game has ruined strategy games for me.The sheer quality of Total War: Warhammer II is why it's hard to justify playing Three Kingdoms. It's why Civ doesn't do it for me anymore. It's why as I creep towards 200 in-game hours. I haven't touched half the content on offer.This game has an embarrassment of riches available to the consumer. Although buying into the full playset can be very expensive. The base Total War Warhammer II comes with four races. The LizardmenTo buy Warhammer IMy suggestion for someone interested in this game is to buy WHII. You find a race you're interested in and then buy that lord pack. If you like SkavenHoweverOne thing I will nitpick is that diplomacy is limited. Three Kingdoms does it much better and I hope that is the something CA brings over when they do TW Warhammer III. AlsoAnd that's all I've got. Good luck! It's a lot of fun. I highly recommend it.There's been a lot of talk since November on the discussion boards involving uninformed consumers not understanding how this iteration of Total War works DLC-wise. For that reasonThis game is expensive. A bit more than the DLC list lets on. In order to get the full experience out of this gameto play the whole game. "SheeshDon't Blame the DevelopersThis is probably the only way Sega agreed to make something so in-depth; anything less would've been either not funded or would've faced serious cuts in content. Keep in mind that the end goal is to put every tabletop faction from Warhammer Fantasy into the game as a fully-functionalDoes it suck? YeahConsidering I've gotten almost 800 hours out of the twoEven divvied up like thisUnfortunatelyI honestly believe CA has a strong passion for doing this franchise justiceOther people have probably said this better than I can. If you've played Total War