Really funny game It's Gang Beasts Adventure Puzzle game. Really fun and addicting.GIVE US WORKSHOP SO WE CAN ENJOY THE GAME FOR EVEN LONGER FFS"This was such a fun little game. The quirkiness and difficulty of the puzzles all originate with the awkward and funny controls the game provides you with. I can't wait for more levels, as the few included were thoroughly enjoyable and even replayable.""Stunning.The online mode is incredibly fun.It's one of the funniest games i've ever played.There is only one problem: It ends.If there were a mechanism to avoid the ending of the game, it would be one of my top 3 favourite games.Just something like a LEVEL CREATOR attached to Steam Workshop.To sum up, a way to create objects and maps to publish at Workshop would be amazing for ""Human: Fall Flat""."MORE STAGES PLEASE OR A LEVEL CREATOR WORKSHOP PLEASE DEVELOPERS THIS GAME HAS AN INCREDIBLE POTENTIAL! WE JUST NEED MORE LEVELS TO PLAY WITH OUR FRIENDS! GREAT GREAT GREAT GAME!!!!!!!!"The amount of times I've said ""grab my butt"" in this game speaks to its quality.Fun game, but $15 is too much considering this game's short level selection.Edit: However, with the addition of the Steam Workshop, the game has a much larger player-made level selection. I haven't yet taken a tour of the workshop maps, but I think $15 is a good deal considering what this game has to offer."Great game, make a map editor where the community can create their own maps. That would be F--ing awesome! :D"great game with friends but short gameadd more levels please""A brilliant and refreshingly fun game, would benefit heavily from steam workshop integration.Edit: Now has workshop integration so would thoroughly recommend."Wonderfull fun little puzzle game, the game is half figuring out the puzzle and the other half is making the "Human" do what you want him to do. Other than that i really really loved the Polygen art this game contains, a 10/10 buy, PS. play with controller"Gathered about six people, played for about 5 hours, best time ever!All this game needs is a workshop, let us make the maps and it will entertain us for much longer!-All the more reason to buy this game-Becomes streamable"Great game, even better when they added workshop supportReally fun game but it DESPERATELY needs more levels.This game is alot of fun. It would be even more fun if they added new maps and workshopFun. Got 100% achievements with friends. Needs workshop for custom levels/ content."Played with Friends, We laughed so hard that our stomachs started hurting and tears came out of our eyes. Highly Recommend this game !! "Fun when you play with your friends but lack of contentHuman: Fall Flat is a great game to pick up on sale. Play it single player, online, or invite a friend over and play split screen. The simple controls paired with a poorly responsive blob of a character mean you both shall be learning at the same pace. Mess around in the playgrounds they've given you, get achievements, or advance through the levels. Simultaneously complete tasks, do stuff separately, or help each other. Do what you want in what order you like8 player online mode is one of the funniest moments I had in video games. It's non stop chaos and incredibly fun to try to ace the objectives together with 7 other guys flailing about. I also played through the game in single player and together with my brother. This game is a very well done physics based puzzle game. It's awesome to see that the dev is improving the game and adding cool content for free on a regular basis."Human: Fall Flat is brilliant to play with friends, and has got to be one of the funniest games on Steam. The physics and stupidity of it all literally leaves me crying with laughter. The climbing controls are quite tricky to master, and the game could do with more content (new maps, character customisation etc), and recently I noticed that if you tab out of the game when loading it up, it will freeze your cursor and you will have to restart your pc/ laptop. This happened to my friend aswell. Please fix this asap! D: "Ridiculously fun game, the only complaint I have is that there should be more maps."This game made me cry. It's such a funny game.FUN TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS !"This game is truly amazing. At first, you spend a bit of time grasping the controls and marvelling at your ability to climb and move things. Then the puzzles become more complicated (but sometimes menial). There isn't just one way to do things, either. I passed an entire part of a level because I broke a window, stacked some matresses and clambered through. You could also use a rope swing to cross a chasm instead of jumping your way across big rocks. Basically, the game has some replayability, if you wanna go back and do the level a different way. You can also do local co-op (NOTE: It's only with two gamepads, no keyboard. But you use the keyboard and mouse in singleplayer.) Co-op just makes it more ridiculous, but the puzzles stay the same. You could use your new buddy to try new ways of doing them, though. I'd say this game is worth whatever it's being sold at, because you can't put a pricetag on honest fun."Very good game, actually one of my favourites.Wish there were more levels in it.""Perfect game for playing with other friendsAdding a workshop would be perfect"funniest game i ever played with my daughter we both have it on our pcs an there nothing like throwing your 5 year old off a cliffunny game with friends This game is fun, but extremely short. It is far more enjoyable with multiple friends to play with so consider grabbing a few of your chums a copy of the game. It can get old when playing by yourself.I enjoyed the game, mainly because of my friends that got it too but also because it has the sensation of goofiness. Playing with my friends made it even better and we had great times, at least in my opinion, but the only thing that this game is kinda boring is the maps. There's only, what, 7 maps? Like many others have said, so shall I. We need workshop maps. Let those who are creative map makers do their thing.