The game's concepts and visuals are really impressive considering that this was pretty much made by one man but it has room for improvement. The combat is definitely one of my favourites in FPS games. The game is amazing and unlike most recent games it tries to do its own thing and doesn't outright steal other game designs just for the sake of selling more. It has a fresh concept and is really fun. I still have trouble believing it's pretty much made by one man. I have a lot of hopes from the final game, I just wish it doesn't get downgraded to the ground and has many more skills to be unlocked. One suggestion for the developer is to add a sliding mechanic which gets activated by crouching while running so that there are more options for mobility in its highly engaging combat.If Shadow warrior and DMC have baby.. and raised by Tomb Raider.. THIS IS IT.Looks alright its like a mixture of Destiny, Shadow warrior, Doom and Tomb Raider for me the only downside of it is that it is waaaay too short.It's telling when a single Chinese guy in his basement with nothing but duct tape, eggrolls and google translate can put out a better product than anything Activision or EA's made in a decadeThis title puts Activision/Blizzard & EA to Shame. ONE guy was able to create a game of this level of polish & quality, While most AAA game publishers like release unfinished, broken, buggy, micro-transaction riddled, Loot-box filled, grindy, annualised, multiple season passes, DLC locked content, uninspired "Live Services" which require a constant stream of money from the player.Happy to support good developers like this guy.Bright Memory - Episode 1 / Early Access Finally, I'd like to thank the creator for all the time he put in. It is a fun game to play and I hope he releases more content soon.Bright Memory - Episode 1 is a first person episodic shooter that has been completely developed by the single person and this what makes this game absolutely stunning and unbelievable experience.There are bugs here and there but not a big problem really , still less bugs in this game than any EA game. Just buy it. It's great.Pros: -Looks Good -Runs like butter -Awesome combat and abilities -Costs a meal -Isn't made by EA -Doesn't use a buggy engine -No ties to ActishiCons: -I don't live in a time where this game is finishedWorth the money, even if its short. A good 1 off game that proves that if 1 guy can do it right, a AAA dev has no excuse.WHO WOULD WIN? AAA studios with some of the most advanced tech, highest budgets, biggest stars, and most recognizable franchises vs One Gamey BoiI heard of this project a couple of years ago, and it's finally out. Good job. I'm impressed in some ways that a small sized studio can pull off with these stunning VFX, particle effects, etc. Optimization wasn't the best, but it is understandable for such a small sized team to make something with certain degrees of visual fidelity on UE4. For one collectibles feels useless. When I found something, it basically just said I found blah blah blah and done. No rewards, no backgrounds, it feels more like a placeholder rather than an actual game mechanic. Secondly, with boost jumps, flash dodges being part of the mechanics, I believe you really want the movement to be fluid. But it does feel very clunky; it lacks transitional movements. Implement something like slide, would help.Overall I really like what you're doing, very good job! But this is not a free game, and yet you make it like a tech demo or something you would put into your portfolio when you apply for jobs in a game company. Doesn't matter it is early access or not, it is a product for sale, so it should have a standard. Good luck in improving your game, big thumbs up!This game made by one developer, made me re-evaluate the efficiency of billion dollar game companies.WE LIVE IN A WORLD WHERE 1 MAN CAN MAKE A GAME LIKE METAL GEAR RISING, TITAN FALL, AND BULLET STORM! THEN HAVE ENOUGH ROOM FOR DARK SOULS LIKE BOSSES!>Tmw an indie game made in the developer's free time that costs $7 is better than most AAA games that cost $60 But seriously, this game is pretty solid. Combat is fun and engaging. Graphics are great. Strong story. Only real complaint I have is that the English subtitles are a bit off. But it's not too bad, usually just a spelling or grammar mistake. But otherwise I love everything about it. A sci-fi game with fantasy elements? I'm sold.Since it takes about an hour to finish a playthrough, it's more of a demo than a game. However, within that short hour, this displayed some unbelievable potentials. Solid combat, but still needs fine tuning to be great. Consider the current state, an experienced level designer would do wonder here. A lot of combat zones were too small to maneuver and enemy placement is seriously off. Also, more skill/mechanic isnüt always better. To make these mechanics meaningful, you need level designed around and enemies vulnerable to these mechanics. It may not be fair to say these because there are devs specialized in gun play, enemy design, skill balance, etc. and the dev is only one person, but still, details are necessary for a game to be "great" and not just "good."Amazing visual fidelity. Nice shadows, particle effect, and so on but visual styles were inconsistent. We have what? Skelton, big wolf, zombies(?), bat and undead orc(?). I don't know...it's hard to tell what's what and even harder to tell the background. Seriously need some consistency (or canon to bridge the gap) because right now it felt like they're from different games.Absolutely amazing cinematic, especially camera-works. Apart of some frame drops, I can't even find a thing to complain. If you just cut out of the cinematic and gameplay part, and show to people with no previous knowledge of the game, they are likely to guess this is a multi-million dollars AAA title instead of one dev indie title.Sound-tracks (and sound design in general) were surprisingly good. UI and HUD design were questionable. Especially HUD. It's not a good idea to put that much stuff around the gun especially when you're not going to explain them. There's a reason why most FPS game put ammo count, health bar, map/radar, etc. on different portion of the screen. If they are stuck together, no one is be able to focus on one HUD amid the chaos of combat. For an FPS game, key-mapping is an essential and not a feature! People have different hand and keyboard sizes. I personally could not comfortably press the Shift key without lifting my entire hand. In every game, the first thing I do is to remap whatever is on Shift to something else and without that, it's seriously uncomfortable to play. Voice-over (Chinese) sounds weird. It feels like script-reading more than voice over. Even during the most intense scene, the voice is so calm that it felt bizarre. Ah, bonfires =] All in all, considering this is made by one dev (how?), I can't even imagine what the dev can do if s/he had enough resources. Seriously, don't stop here. Start a Kickstarter or even go find some venture capitals. With this as proof-of-concept, you can raise a lot of money, house a dev team of a dozen or so people, and go from there. The potential of the game (and the dev) cannot be overstated.You are not dark, you will be Bright Sometimes through the dark a sparkling gem will appear. This time it is a beautiful little gem called Memory Bright. This game, or rather demo, is made by one person called Zeng Xiancheng. Although there is voice actors and alike which is not counted towards the "developer team". I have to be VERY clear about one thing: This a demo to a larger game and is therefore very short. However, by buying this demo you get a taste of what the full game will be like AND you will get a copy of the full game too. The game is so short that you can get your money back if you do not like it.This game is awesome, i can't believe it was made by one person Zeng Xiancheng. '-' Bright Memory is a pretty short fps/hack n slash game nonetheless such a masterpiece and i can't wait till Bright Memory Infinite the trailer that was shown in the E3 was pretty cool, well Bright Memory is like if Crysis and DMC had a baby lmfao. Bright Memory 9/10 I always use the Shift on my Mouse5 and i can't change it on options/keyboard since on early access doesn't support modifying the key mapping, this is the reason i didn't rate is as 10/10This game is incredibly good, it's like playing a female Genji from Overwatch but he also used guns and more abilities. It's short but damn it's good.Damn these is made by 1 guy ,it's really really impressive . Man it feels like a triple A game . Can't wait for the full version for me it's a 9/10 . I am so much satisfied.After a single playthrough, I'm amazed. Here's some conclusions. The Pros are: 1. great optimization for such a small team 2. good graphics & SFX 3. solid character/enemies design 4. ok gameplay And the Cons are: 1. extremely short experience. 60mins for my first playthrough. 2. Tutorial for skills are somewhat lacking 3. BAD voicing, I mean BAD, cringely BAD 4. mediocre map & level design. It could be frustrating in some places because of grappling hook are often not available at places where they should be, this results in constant death by falling. 5. Enemies are repetitive even for such a short experience. Overall, it's always good to see independent dev doing amazing games, espeically in Chinese indie game market, which basically doesn't exist. The integration of Chinese mythos is good touch, would like to see more lores behind that!This is an indie developed first person shooter which feels like a triple-A title. Sure, it's rough around the edges, but it's quite impressive all in all. Graphics aside, the gameplay, while I would have hoped for more mobility, feels pretty good. If I would have to offer any feedback, I would like to be able to get vertical faster and more easily - the ability to dash/jump mid-air more fluidly would add to the game tremendously. Additionally, I think some of the enemies are too tough so the battles get repetitive and boring, especially the bosses, because you will end up just spamming abilities until they die then rinse and repeat. I'd rather see lots of weak enemies than one, bullet-sponge enemy, as it would allow the player to get creative in their kills. The best thing about this game is probably the fact that it's in full development and for about $5, you'll get the early access content (a few hours worth of gameplay) and Bright Memory: Infinite (the full release of the game) for free once it's released. I'm looking forward to the further development of this game.Absolutely stunning single dev game. I've been following this project for quite sometime but forgot about it, what a great surprise to see it on steam early access. Probably the most fast paced game i've played in a while. So satisfying, you feel like a god lol, the gameplay is perfect, graphics are insanely good. Now it just need more content, i really wish the best of luck to the developer because this game can become absolutely incredible. Can't wait for more !Bright Memory - Episode 1 is a solo developed early access treat. Score 7.4/10 Much is not revealed yet. You are playing as our heroine Sheila who travels to the sky of land trying to prevent SAI from digging out secrets regarding rebirth of ancient creatures. Bright Memory is set in 2020 in a beautiful setting where we are put between a war of future science and ancient civilization. The first episode lasts for 30 minutes and makes you eager for more. While the story proves to be interesting it falls flat because of the poor character sounds and good English subtitles. Some enemies were awkwardly placed but that did not affect the gameplay at all, it was more of a visual problem to see enemies in awkward places and it did weird me out a bit. Going to my favorite part about the entire game which were the unironically the epic boss fights. There were few during the game and while I think that the future bosses could use some different mechanics and patterns, I enjoyed them a lot. Thanks to the very strong combat, fighting these enemies was truly joyful.Short & sweet - big respect to the one guy who developed this game himself. Enjoyed it immensely. These are the types of people who deserve our support. The Dark Souls reference got me good too haha.Bright Memory is a seriously badass game that is way too short. I loved the shadow warrior feel to movement and combat. Definitely looking forward to the future installment of this game