No microtransactions.Lmao. There are gigantic companies producing multiplayer games that cost hundreds of millions of dollars for development time and marketing, and this $25 early access game about mining and killing bugs as a dwarf is the best co-op game I've played in years.If ever something said "It does exactly what it says on the tin" it's this game. Danger. Darkness. Dwarves. Play this game. Buy it. Win a key, Enter a competition, Beg your mother for a copy. Whatever you need to do to get this game. If you have 3 friends and you like screaming in deep dark pits as everything goes to hell. Play it.I can't recommend this game enough. This is an actual coop game where the strengths of all can lead to some truly sublime gameplay. When every player is using the strengths of their character you actually feel like a team, not a gang of random yahoos competing for individual glory. In essence this is a mining game crossed with Left for Dead. You and (up to) 3 others get dropped into a dark cave to complete various types of mission, mine resources, defeat a boss, collect eggs, repair stuff. Each player has a unique role, the gunner has a big gun and a zipline, the engineer can place platforms to help with resource collection and has 2 turrets to help with crowd control, the driller is able to drill through the environment and the scout has a reusable zipline and can light up the environment. Along the way you collect minerals and gold to fund upgrades to weapons and buy cosmetics. There are always resources to find and collect. It's an important point to note that just collecting the minerals feels satisfying and rewarding, they nailed this aspect of the game. But the game really comes alive when it shifts to its other "phase", that is when a swarm of enemies attack, and then you have to defend against a seemingly endless stream of enemies. In this regard its very like L4D, but there are more enemy types, each with their own weaknesses and you need to learn how to deal with all of them. The environments are procedurally generated, no two caves are the same but they follow general patterns, the same applies to swarms. There are special enemy types, the first time you encounter a bulk detonator your first instinct is to run and it's well founded but after a while you learn how to deal with them yourself.A significant difference with L4D however is that you get to pick your own difficulty, every mission has a "hazard level", ranging from 1-5. If you aren't wanting to change your underpants then maybe go for a level 2-3 mission, or if you wore your official DRG stone panties that morning maybe go for a level 5. The hazard level changes the amount and difficulty of enemies (your own personal character level also has an impact on this, as does the number of players in a team), so you get to choose what you feel comfortable with but with higher levels comes higher rewards. There is character progression in the game, you can level up each character, their weapons and kit. Each weapon is well designed and fits with the theme of the character, for example the scout is not designed to take on swarms so his weapons are weak, as a scout your movement is your biggest advantage. The gunner is designed to take on swarms so his weapons are powerful but his mobility is limited. There is also a bewildering array of cosmetics that you can buy (with resources you get while playing, no microtransactions here!) so you can customize your character however your like. With update 25 coming up, the replayability of the game will go up although I enjoy the game playing just for its core mechanics of collection and combat.This game replaced Left for Dead 2 AND Borderlands 2 as me and my housemate's go to co-op bonanza. It's that good. Buy it. The devs are Top Tier. No microtransactions. So many free updates. THIS is how you develop a game.Procedurally generated, fully destructible terrain. Mineral quotas to meet. Dwarves delving too deep all day, every day. Bugs of the killable kind. DRG is a highly polished co-op shooter. While AAA companies are busy tripping over horses into rocks or extra stretchy T posed zombos, DRG has relatively few game-breaking bugs and it's nothing C4 can't fix (literally).The four classes synergize with each other wonderfully yet each class can individually get the job done. It's perfectly feasible to play solo but playing with others is the heart of the game. Traversing gaps, digging up or down vertical passages, grabbing valuable resources, tunneling into unbreached caverns, what is a multiplayer session but a continuous chain of dynamic team interactions? A team ziplining over a lethal drop littered with magma vents below might be cinematic movie material. To a dwarf, that's Tuesday. The result is a relaxing, super chill co-op experience with a solid gameplay loop that can only get better as the devs add more content. For an early access title, DRG shines brightly among the pile of duds, rough diamonds and denizens of development hell. It cannot be stressed enough that everything works and in this day and age, that's one helluva achievement.I am hereby submitting my Safety Report, as it has become scathingly clear that my three co-workers are not OSHA compliant. I have been on this assignment for 200+ hours at the time of this writing, and I regret to say that the situation has not improved.The working conditions are unsafe: Treacherous, dark, with long, winding corridors and pitfalls of every biome type imaginable, and no excursion is ever the same. Gathering minerals and metals is a challenge, due to the randomized terrain of each cave. Thankfully, with drills, explosives, ziplines and our trusty mining picks, we can overcome this easily enough. At least the entirety of the terrain is destructible, which is a boon for our miners and our designated driller.It is also infested with bugs of every horrible type, which often swarm us in droves, and we often just barely escape by the skin of our teeth. Thankfully, Management has provided us with various types of hardware and artillery, with a vast expanse of sidegrades. Unfortunately, following each excursion, Management only provides us with 2-4 minutes to return to the pod, which is another safety concern. If someone isn't able to return to the pod, they are left behind. Clearly unsafe! Lastly, after each excursion, my idiot co-workers don't reflect on the near-mortality of the previous excursion! They go straight to the bar, and get intoxicated before the next mission -- but not before they all dance (horribly) to royalty-free music in the jukebox! Why is management enabling this type of behavior? I am surrounded by bearded, racist alcoholics, and I daresay that I don't see any end in sight to my employment alongside them. Lastly, I wish to report that there is something massive in the caves. I don't know what it is, but it is quickly approaching the team and myself. I don't think it's hostile, but it's about toI bought Deep Rock Galactic during a sale for 50% OFF. After 28.6 hours of game-time, almost all of which has been spent playing with friends, I feel like I stole the game. I would happily pay full price for this game and not regret it for a second. The experience this game offers can be described with one simple statement: "it's just plain fun to play". Deep Rock Galactic scores very high in the fun department. It's good fun playing solo, but the fun is greatly enhanced when playing with friends. I've also had a good experience playing with randoms and there appears to be a good community of gamers here. The formula for fun is pretty simple, too: mine stuff, upgrade stuff, and shoot stuff!There are 4 different classes of Dwarves to play (Gunner, Driller, Engineer, and Scout) with each offering unique abilities. The environments are 100% destructible and the caves are procedurally-generated. There is also an endless supply of monster hordes to be slain in your cave-diving adventures. The developers are doing the Early Access process with a well-planned Road Map. That's a big bonus for me and I can't wait to see what else these developers come up with before this game reaches final release. In spite of the fact that this game is in Early Access at the time of writing this review, it already feels like a well-polished completed game. To sum it up: if you're looking for a game that hits the sweet spot for good old fashioned fun or a game that is a blast to play with friends and/or randoms, I highly recommend you pick up Deep Rock Galactic!Take Left 4 Dead Peel away the human players and zombies Place the remaining gameplay in an outer space mining company Add 4 classes of bearded Dwarves Add 2 cups horrible space bugs Sprinkle in a generous amount of satisfying mining mechanics and procedural cavernsAdd a dash of unlockables, upgrades and perks Cook at 400 degrees 1000 meters below sea level in a burrowing drop pod Pair with your choice of beer Serves up to 4So good that I'm trying to justify buying it for all my friends.4 player Coop Fully Destructible Environment Waves of Freaky Creatures Mine More Minerals Leave No Dwarf BehindBest co-op game i've played in a long time. The devs are very active, constantly releasing updates and balances. They listen to the players and are extremely transparent with their goals and roadmaps. 10/10 game; 10/10 game studioThis game is absolutely excellent, one of the best co-op games I have ever experienced after decades of gaming. Four very well balanced classes that are both unique and compliment each other.Playable singleplayer with Bosco, a customizable robotic drone companion with capabilities beyond that of any one of the four dwarf classes. Perks along with highly customizable weapons and equipment allow a range of unique (and mostly viable) player builds.Great sense of humor. Ruthlessly intense action on higher difficulty levels.Procedurally generated caves that do a mostly good job of appearing unique every game.Public multiplayer community with a very low level of toxicity. Zero microtransactions, cosmetic items are purchasable with in-game currency only.The art style and graphics look great and complement the game without compromising performance. Fully destructible terrain. Mining mechanics are fun and lend the game a bit of a Minecraft vibe alongside the dangerous, procedurally generated caves.Live "Space Rig" lobby gives your team something to do while you wait for the host or an AFK teammate. Open multiplayer games are drop-in/drop-out, difficulty scales with the player count. No need to wait for a full lobby, no worries if someone has to split.Probably the most replayable game since Heroes of Might and Magic III. I've had endless hours of fun with it and I continue playing it. In short, I love it and you should too; if you don't you're a pointy eared leaf lover.This game is a blast whether you prefer co-op or solo play. I'm more of a single-player game person and the devs have done a great job making it accessible for either style of play. It's scary, exciting, intense and incredibly fun and funny. 30+ years of PC gaming under my belt and I truly feel that this is a gem of a game - the devs have really found the sweet spot in terms of accessibility, challenge and fun. Well done developers!Honestly for an Early Acess I am impressed. A brand new studio gave us this game and honestly you are in for a treat. If you are looking for a COOP experience, I must say it's one of the best out there. The Music, sounds and voice acting are very well done it gets you in the game. I would say buy it, play 2 hours and if you don't like it just refund it. But Honestly I tried that I didint stop at 2 hours, and I ain't refunding it.I don't think I'd call any game a labor of love with more confidence than this one. I've been on this ride for almost a year and can confirm DRG is one of the best purchase options out there if you're looking for a fun long-term co-op game experience. 260 hours later I still don't feel bored or fatigued, the core gameplay loop feels so enjoyable and I'm still far from unlocking everything. It's a quality game well worth its asking price, with even more content to come. One of those rare cases of Early Access done right. Obviously, it gets even better with friends.We spawn in this cave system where everything looks like a swamp. Constant fog in the caves, strange toxic alien plants, lots of foilage making things difficult to see, etc