Much better than PW3 Combo system is a lot smoother, graphics are great and the new mechanics are good toongl i expected this to be pretty bad but it surprised me, a lot better than PW3so far no ultra wide support FIXED ISSUES WITH XBOX CONTROLLER READ BELOW. In Steam go to Settings > Controller > General Controller Settings and then check for whichever controller you're using. I turned on Xbox Controller and now the game recognizes my Xbone controller.Already finished 80% of the main story after 9 hours, figured i'd add a quick review of my time so far.The game follows the classic one piece story, starting off from the Alabasta arc and finishing at a 'game only' re-imagined ending in Wano, however many of the islands / arcs have been cut, these include:-Anything pre Alabasta (Drum, little garden, whisky peak)-Impel Down / Amazon LilySo a large portion of the actual series / manga has been cut, with many of my personal favourite moments missing, personally this made the game less enjoyable, especially since it means i'm going to finish the game within about 10 hours. On top of this certain scenes have been edited for the cutscenes, the iconic moment where luffy rescues ace for example, or just certain characters being completely removed.The gameplay is a slightly more polished version of PW3, with some moves copied but mostly an entirely new moveset established, and an added "burst mode" which temporarily strengthens your character or adds new moves / features such as flight, as well as some characters having an awakening mode (Luffy's gear second and 4th mainly that changes their appearance and moveset). Also your Special moves are now selectable, so you can pick and choose whatever suits your playstyle more.You level your characters in a similar way to the prequel, using medals / badges collected throughout the game as well as 'Beli' to add specific stats that increase their stamina, health and damge, as well as unlocking upgrades for moves and new skills / specials, however to max out these skills a lot of grinding is needed.Graphics seem slightly sharper than that of it's predecessor, however the colour palette after sabaody seems to get very washed out and bland, i'm assuming in set up for the whole cake arc which suddenly looked very vibrant again.Performance wise i'm having no issue on a gtx 1060, 16gb of ram and a ryzen 3600, running the game at max settings on a 1440p monitor, and any issues people seem to be facing aren't ridiculously common, the main being either the game not launching (which a fix hasn't really been found for), or it not recognising a controller, which as many others have said is a simple fix,Overall it's more of the same, if you enjoy the warriors games and are a fan of One piece, then you'll enjoy this, just don't expect anything amazingly new or groundbreaking, and expect a lot of cut content, probably not worth the 拢40 price tag but fun nonetheless.The best Pirate Warriors game of them all. This game shows that the devs learned a lot from PW3 and made sure to fix a lot of its problems.The story flows nicely and it's not overfilled with unnecessary parts. My only complaint is that it doesn't have the Thriller Bark Arc but this one seems to focus more on the post-time-skip arcs, especially giving Whole Cake a whole lot of attention. Wano Arc is not the same as in the manga/anime, but that's fine because the game-exclusive Wano Arc was still very enjoyable to go through.The character roster is quite large, adding up to 43 current characters, and of course the 9 upcoming DLC characters. Katakuri and the Vinsmoke brothers being unlockable through gameplay so you don't have to purchase the season pass yet. I would recommend waiting until they announce the DLC characters and then picking up whoever you like. However, personally, I got the season pass because I want to have all the characters regardless.The combat is incredible. I've played many Musou games in my life, (including but not limited to: Dynasty Warriors 1 through 7, the previous Pirate Warriors games, and the Berserk Musou game), and I have to say this game is one of the best demonstrations of how fun and engaging the Musou battle system is. I feel a rush of adrenaline every time I finish a combo and topple a hundred enemies in one go.On the completion side of things, this game is in the middle of the spectrum. There are only 3 main quest logs: The Dramatic Log which is the story mode where you play as a select set of characters each quest, the Free Log which allows you to replay Dramatic Log missions with any character you want, and the ratings you get for each quest is shared between the two logs, and finally, the Treasure Log, where you'll probably spend most of your time because it has a whole lot of quests that when completed will reward you with golden coins that you need to level up your characters skills or stats.Speaking of which, the Growth Maps offer a decent method of progressing your characters through buffing their main stats or unlocking new abilities for them. You can choose up to 4 abilities for these characters to use during each battle but the number of abilities you can unlock makes it so you have options in case you wish to change up your play style whenever you want. The only thing that bothers me is that you have to select a mission first before you can access the Growth Map, which isn't much of a problem since you can still navigate between different characters' maps, it's just a tedious process is all. I'm hoping that in a future patch the devs will add a Growth Map option to the main menu just to make it easier to access.Oh, right, I almost forgot. The graphics of the game are pretty good. They're not incredible or realistic to any measure, but they do the job of representing a CGI anime game. The action cutscenes are definitely incredible though. It feels like a trip down memory lane but also a whole new experience at the same time.All in all, I give this game a good ol' 9/10. It's incredibly fun and can get addicting if you're not careful. I mean, look at me, I played 12 hours of this on launch day alone. That's dangerous, but it's a damn good time. Anyway, that's all I got for you. If you read all that, thank you first of all, and I genuinely hope you give this game a try. As a One Piece and Musou game fan, this brings me so much joy. Can't wait for the DLC characters!I think this is one of the best Warriors game among all Warriors series.If you like One Piece, just play it.Game gives so much fun and show really awesome Actions.You can relieve Stress from destroying everything in game. :DBlow up many many enemies, and destroy most objects include buildings.Ah, and another great thing is you can play Co-op with your friends or other people.2~4 co-op can possible.4 players co-op is only possible in some maps but still fun.I hope Dev team add more modes for 4 players.And whenever you play any missions in Tresure Log, every match can play in different maps your team AI or enemies AI Characters keep changing randomly.So you can still enjoy to play multiple times in same missions.