"kill monsters, skin their corpse, use their skin to craft better weapons, use better weapons to kill better monsters, skin their corpse, use their skin to craft stronger weapons, use stronger weapons to kill stronger monsters, skin their corpse, use their skin to craft even stronger weapons, use even stronger weapons to kill even stronger monsters, skin their corpse, use their skin to craft super strong weapons, use super strong weapons to kill super strong monsters, skin their corpse, use their skin to craft ultra strong weapons, use ultra strong weapons to kill ultra strong monsters, skin their corpse, use their skin to craft giga ultra strong weapons, use giga ultra strong weapons to kill giga ultra strong monsters, skin their corpse, use their skin to craft god-tier weapons, use god-tier weapons to kill a dragon unicorn and a gorilla........ use their skin to craft even more ♥♥♥♥....can't recommend this enough"Yeah, it's pretty good! I like it."Best fashion management simulator "Love it, an excellent game ! Lots of monsters, lots of quests, lots of slashing, crafting, lots of fun ! It's the first game I bought from the monster hunter franchise, and you don't need to have played the others to appreciate it. In fact, it doesn't seem to have a link with the other ones so you can just hop into the story and enjoy it the first minute !If you've got a lot of time to kill and a lot of love for grinding just to improve your gear then this is the game for you. The core gameplay (the fighting) is very satisfying with a plethora of monsters to study, face and make into hats and pointy sticks after slaughtering their entire family tree.I love the game. Every weapon feels unique and fun. The monsters are fun to fight and the grinding is not heavy at all. I strongly recommend the game to anyone who likes grinding, jack and slash and a bit of role playdodogama is roundBest fashion management simulatorI'm an older woman, and I find that this game appeals to all ages. I have sooo many hours into this game and I love it. I admit I need my sons help and his friends to get me through things sometimes when it's a monster that's kicking my butt. I'm now at the stage where I can do it on my own. I think they did an amazing job with this game. It doesn't matter how old you are, this is so fun. I highly recommend this game. Thanks for doing such a great job with this game."Pretty fun, both solo and multi, don't believe the mixed reviews those were all due to the bad launch, the game is a very solid edition to the franchise and as its own game. It's very friendly to newcomers and challenge ramps up as you progress through the vibrant New World.Hunt, gather, craft sets, get better gear, weapons, to hunt bigger monsters. Gear only helps you up until a certain point, skill will still win the day."