good as the First OneToo good to end. I wish it could never end. 24 hours of masterpieceDamnit this game is GOOD openworld, futuristic rpg. Filled with secrets to find via hacking or exploring and an awesome story i would really reccomend this!This game is so yellow, that it makes me puke rainbows. 9/10This is the game that got me into shooting games, yeah took me till Deus Ex to understand it, lol. But Great Game!! I want more!I had this game for the Xbox 360 and fell in love. I just had to buy it for my PC and im still playing it to this day. I dont think ill ever get tired of this game. The DLC was "meh" for me. The only part i disliked was when they took all my augments away. I was so sad but atleast you get them back at the end of the DLC. I wish there was an option to skip the DLC. I know this is just me running my mouth but honestly if you havent tried this game yet you must. Plus they took away that horrible orange tint you always had on your visor in the normal one. You still have the orange tint but only on objects and stuff.Unfortunately i couldnt tick three yes boxes for the question "Do you recommend this game?" but hell yeah i do, not even finished it yet and already looking forward to the second play-through really takes me back to playing the first one way back when. I truly can't belive its taken me this long to get round to playing it. Brilliant!!!!AAAmazing game and great price!!! If you love games with great stories and defined gameplay this game is for you.....for those having trouble getting the game started what worked for me was reinstalling direct x and the like from the deus ex files apart from that still craps itself when closing the game but still playableYou can drink alcohol from a trash can 10/10 would buy againI never asked for this.Nice game to play.A trench wearing cyborg who can't carry モモモ or manage his inventory. An improvement from the original, but barely. Only 20 9mm rounds per 2 inventory slots? Any real person stores them in their box that comes in 100. Welcome to the future.The boss battles are godawful and the ending is anti-climactic, but virtually every other aspect Deus Ex: Human Revolution is spectacular. The overall look of the game, the sound design (music, voice acting), the gameplay, the story, the characters, and the attention to detail. Hands down one of the best RPGs I've ever played and also one of the best stealth games I've ever played.Actually I felt that this game could use more secondary tasks like help some street people. This could improve the realism that have the game, but apart from that things, I think that this game have a good story and some action and that it's why I'm waiting for the sequel. I'm so excited about the new features. If I need to give a score to this game, I'll give a score of 8/10 because of the good story and the possibility of chosing what kind of action do you want to do.I never asked for this, but I'm glad it exists. Fer realz, though: Pan-flippin-tastic game. Liberating, Artistically inspiring, shiny, mentally provoking, musically involving, twisty-turny, expansive game. Also; the AI sucks. Really bad. It makes the game more enjoyable. Bottom Line? 12/10 would (and have) play(ed) again.it wont become full screenA thought provocing tale that pulls on your heart and minds, dividing you much like the world in Deus Ex: Human Revolution. Will you seek the truth? Or will you cover it up?A super Wow game,well done Square EnixIn a word - brilliant. If you enjoy stealth games, play this. If you enjoy action games, play this. If you enjoy multistrand stories, PLAY THIS. I can't fault this game. I invested around 12 hours on xbox and now I'm starting over on PC. I love this game and I'd recommend this title to anyone.You play a cyber-bro who just can't stop fisting people. After boosting up on some mad cyber-protein brah and lifting some robo-boxes, Adam will feel like an unstopable robo-man. As you fist your way to the top you are presented with three options in every scenario: Having fisted my way through, this game is quite fun. However it is quite unrealistic, as there are no reptilian overlords controlling the world, nor is there any secret alien plan to colonize earth. In light of this I must give deus ex an 11/10.I never asked for this game... This game is just awesome. Let's beginn with the story (Spoiler free and really short). Deus Ex: Human Revolution has a cyberpunk setting. You play as Adam Jensen the Chief of (physical) Security at a huge Biotech company. One day terrorists attack your company and your GF gets kidnapped. You have to find out who did it and why.The story and setting is like no other. unique in every way. From the story to the action, this is a game where you fall in love with the story. The characters are memorable and well voiced. Some of the best Background in games in in here. Especially when you get to higher levels in buildings. Seeing Towering skyscrapers go into the clouds and there is another upper city. Well Done.It's basically a fantastic game and really caught the vibes of future world aesthetically. I won't continue the praises as you can find them in many ohter reviews. However I don't like how they portait China and Chinese companies. So many biases. And the Chinese NPC voices are rediculous for someone who understands Chinese. I cannot wait for the sequel and so eager to see how this serie will evolve.Overall Awesome game. Cover system works suprisingly well. Real choice on guns, most guns can be upgraded with many useful upgrades. Many easter eggs. More than one ways to win, sometimes they may be very unexpected. Well worth the money, especially when on one of those common sales.This is an incredible game with so many roleplaying opportunities. If you enjoyed the earlier Dues Ex games or Alpha Protocol then I very much recommend this title.Has a great story, interesting charaters, cool guns, neat graphics (despite it's age), a well intergated DLC mission, and you can choose to go thourgh the game as a pacifist if you don't want to kill anyone (though with the bosses you will have to kill). In short, it's a good game for it's age.No words to describe the amazing campaing this game has to offer. Im not just talking about how fun the game is, but im talking about all the adrenaline and lessons it leaves you when you beat it. One of my favorite games so far, get it, highly recomended.The Deus Ex series and this game in particular predicts the future. Also makes you question your own humanity. 10/10I personally consider Deus Ex as my most favorited game franchise. What I love about Human Revolution is the freedom of gaming style. I played the game many times, with different approach/gamestyle and still enjoy it. Everytime I go through I find something new and interesting. 10/10, there is no other game in last few years I enjoyed that much and experienced no problem what so ever.