why is this game 10 dollars?"You hop into a game with 3 friends, but you come out of the game with 0 friends.10/10 would lose friends again."Literally paid 10 euro to have a server to play on and the server is constantly down. It would be cheaper to buy 10 decks of Uno and burn them for energy for my own server. Thank you for your ______ servers. Have a nice day aswell.since ive played uno, my wife lets me touch her"ended up getting hungry while playing this game, so I was like hey, others might get hungry as well, so here is a recipe for wafflesIn a bowl, combine flour, sugar and baking powder. In another bowl, lightly beat egg yolks. Add milk, butter and vanilla; mix well. Stir into dry ingredients just until combined. Beat egg whites until stiff peaks form; fold into batter.Bake in a preheated waffle iron according to manufacturer's directions until golden brown. Serve with strawberries or syrup."This game made me divorce my wife and now my kids hate me, highly recommend.this game actually can ruin your friendship.Good game, bad servers - needs chatuno is pretty good ngl, wish it were free though, or like, a little less money maybe like $5.00 tops?Like the physical card game, but with less arm movement and friends required.good game should be cheaperReally fun to play after having sex with ducksUbisoft seems not to care about server crashing, connection issues and avoiding detection by anti-virus.Do not play this game. Once you enter a match, you sign a contract for a game that will never end. Uno does not end. Uno does not conclude. Uno won't let you die. Uno is infinite.It's the best game in the universe. Think of Raid Shadow Legends but remove all of the Legends and Raid. Yeah shadow, you can literally throw a duelist into the shadow realm. When you lose you actually die. I haven't lost yet.Those whom you teamed up with yesterday might rise against you today. However, those who opposed you yesterday could be on your side today. 2 vs 2 is the very true worth of this game.fun but still lacks basic functions such as playing with 3 people without an AI, changing rules while in the multiplayer lobby, and rejoining a game that you left. Fun game except for these glaring issues.Great way to tell which of your friends hate youA great card game if you want to lose a relationship. Don't think I'll buy it for my next partner."Nothing much to say, it's UNO and for everyone who don't know what it is it's a pretty fun card game.This is the console version ported on PC that comes with quick drop in/out multiplayer, webcam and voice chat support.You can play different modes like classic and 2vs2 with a few modifiers to spice up the game.I have no complaints so far, except for UPlay but oh well, I had no issues with it plus the game works fine and it's fun."This game's fun if you like screwing your friends over and destroying your friendship with them.this game makes me want to be ran over by a double decker party bus filled with rabbids whilst i pour bleach on my eyeballs to cleanse the pain of this evil game.Very Good game , fun whit friendsi love this game, but i wish another company would buy the rights cuz Uplay sucks nutsEverybody loves this game, except those who dont.I actually like UNO quite a bit... Used to always play with my family around the holidays,, UNO Attack is where it's at~ Adds a frantic pace to the game and cards are shooting at you up to a dozen at a time,, Timeless classic.."I've bought this game so i can play it with my friends on the couch and through Steam Together - which it ""supports"". Actually it doesn't it's false advertising, no couch co-op, no steam-together. Don't buy it, you'll be scammed. Overall great game, ____ servers, worth playing for solo experience and if your friends buy this game as well. Still not the first time Ubi lied to their player base. ""When I'm home alone, crying, a tub of ice cream on my hands, Mr.Brightside playing in the background, just spent 5 hours in the shower, it's raining, my radiator isn't working, the ceiling is leaking, my friend lost contact with me, i failed school, i like to pop into this game for a few roundswould recommend "pretty boring when you have no friends on but with friends great gamegood game to play with friends, having fun and to destroy friendships too - maybe