i think this is a great game, even though it is a beta and have many things to work on, i cant wait to see the evolution of this gameGreat intense game that can run on a typewriter! really fun give it a try cause im professinalAmazing game, absolutely love it!Fantastic party fun. Pretty hectic when you play brawlball with a few friends, and it doesn't get boring. Best of all, it's 100% free. Grab this game as soon as you can. You wont be disappointed.I absolutely lofe the concept and have great respect for refraining from pay-to-win <333. I can't wait for more content to be accessible.This game is great. Wonderful game play love that I can have multiple players on just my account.Cool game i love it fun game when your boredget good, buy skins, look coolThe game at a glance: Free Super Smash The game once you play it: It's not super smash bros.-Controls are good. you can also costumize them-Frequent updates that include New legends, maps and other fun stuff.-Runns smoothly( at least for me)-Multiple game modes.-Variety of different moves for each weapon.-There's also a Lore for every legend which is fun to read and gives character.-Not-pay-to-win. there are skins for legends and weapons but they dont affect gameplay.Its a pretty good game if you are looking for a super smash bros game you found it. the only problem in this game are the overpowered characters and the spammers so if your temper is bad the i do not recommend it.Dank meme, brawlhalla pro in the making WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!yet it's SO ADDICTING AND AMAZINGSolid brawler for competitive or casual play. Good comunity, and good devs10/10 Would smash my keyboard for lossing a ranked match against a spammer again.basically you will get 1010000100100 people telling you that you're cheating or playing the game wrong if you winand if you suck then they dont give abut really tho super cool. free is good. 6.420/10This smash bros. like game is worth waiting for. The characters, stages, and music are all original. My two suggestions are:Please add a shield/Block buttonDo something about Teros spammers..I rate this game 9/10. I'd do 10/10 if these suggestions were seen.WHY IS THERE NO WAVEDASHING?!Super Smash Bros version 0.5 simulatori like it but it needs more characters earn mammoth coins by playing games or login cuz everything cost mamoth coins and that all and new mapsBasically Super Smash Bros. with another characters. Still it makes more fun playin it (chill ur butts, my opinion). I love the balance and the real needing of skill in this game because no one can spam-attack another one if the other one is smart enough. Props to the developer for this great game!Best 2D platformer game I've played in a long time! Highly recommended. It's hilarious how you can knock your friends off-screen!Meh It's fine but get's boring after a while tbh :\Very fun game to play with friend or when your alone great game 10 out of 10It is fun. but kind of hard to understand the controlsVery fun party game too play with friends and great for competitive people, Matches tend to be usaully be very intense in higher elo games and alot more fun and challenging, do not get discouraged at first when you play the game, it is very very hard at first trying to learn champions (Except bodvar and asuri) but you will get the hang of it.