#NAME?Code Vein is a soul's base game that sticks to the core elements but brings new ones to the table. It manages to create its own identity and make a name for itself in a genre that's been popular. Weapon stylesCode Vein gameplay features a huge array of options when it comes to combat. Weapons have their unique moves in contrast to many soul gamesThe mix of these creates a loadout that you can useApart from the customization optionsThe game is always based on having a buddy with you so some parts can feel unfair if you don't have themIt is satisfying to see your loadout work well together and hit enemiesThe game strong points are its story which if you take it seriously and give it a chanceOne of the things that the games have going for is regarding encounters with the enemies are the ambushes. SometimesThis is where the strategic part of the game comes inThe game story is possibly the best it has to offer along with is combat. The pace is well maintained and is never too slow or rushedOne of the core things that keep Code Vein unique among its peers is how it approaches the foundation of its lore build and story. To do this the game has something called "Vestiges". Vestiges are divided into parts and each of them explores a segment of the characterThese are well craftedPaying attention to vestiges will allow for a better experience story-wise while making classes stronger. It offers lore and attracts player through the offer of progression.The game runs well on a GTX 1060Early parts of the game can be lackingAI partners are a mixed bagWhat makes the game special is that it tries to break the mold of a genre that has been static for a long time. It takes its share of risks by introducing new elements and changing how the story is told through a more common medium rather than through imagination.Its character creator is probably one of the most complete and complex onesCode Vein is a fantastic new IP and it has a lot going for it in this genre. I think this is a game that could get its following and that could be seen more of in the future. With its approach to storytellingFollow our curator pageI'm writing this as a Dark Souls veteran (1000+ hours) who doesn't really care for Anime.First off - is this Anime Souls? Absolutely.- movement is a bit more floaty in this one- Combat feels a bit less beefy but still very good- Weapon movesets have been replaced with active skills which I like more. You unlock them over time and after mastering each skill you can mix and match cross classes- Bosses are very similar to Souls but still feel fresh and challenging- most of the consumables and game mechanics are basically 100% copy&paste from SoulsThe story gets interesting very fast with elements of post-apocalypseWhen it comes to the art style - I'm not a fan of Anime in generalOh yeah one mention about the difficulty: some people say this game is easier than Souls - wrong. Turn the AI companion off and you'll see. First "real" boss took me 20+ tries and it felt just as rewarding to finally beat it.Overall I highly recommend this game if you're a fan of deep character customization and want a fresh Souls experience in a wonderful world with gorgeous characters and interesting story.There's a badass soulslike minigame in my Character customization simulator.It is pretty much what it looks like*Technically it's basically flawless for me