Wargaming we need World of Tanks on Steam!My Intel Celeron 3050U can't handle the regular WoT, but i can play this shity version of WoT at a decent fps rate. So Blitz is the WoT for a gipsy or nigerian guy like myself.This is basically a budget version of World of Tanks if you don't have the money. Oh wait... World of Tanks is free."Wargaming: Hey, we should put our games on Steam. People would like that right?Steam Players: Yes, we want World of Tanks on Steam!Person: See? They want it.
Wargaming: Okay!
Person: Alright so we just need to set up our pa-
Wargaming: Put the mobile game on there.

Edit: Someone explain to me why World of Warships is on here in full glory but World of Tanks isn't??""This game gets a lot of hate for being a mobile port and not the full WoT experience but having played both I can tell you this is just a different game. There's no artillery, the maps are small, and matches go very quickly because of it.
You still get your WoT mechanics with penetrations, armor thicker in front, angle of attack deflections, module damages, ammo rack explosions, and crew damage based on hit locations but in a slim fast paced fun design. And never more or less than 7 people per team.All in all it's a really fun game for what it is.""Here is what you need to know about this game:
-This is a game made by WG.
-WG probably is the greediest company out there.
-Not blatantly P2W, but it actually is. (it's mobile game, aka cash cow :)
-WG does not care about the playerbase.
-Tanks in this game are balanced according to the stats gathered from 1% of the playerbase (best players out there, with over 60% win rate).
-Most of the player base is really toxic. Good players are toxic, bad players are even worse, big autismos, who cant even accept any criticism.
So, what do we have, a game in which balance is a joke, a mobile game made by the greediest devs out there, probably on par with EA. Toxic community, if not toxic, they do not have enough IQ to be toxic - go figure!
Do not waste your time..""The 5.5 update was terrible. It had to remove a lot, and a lot of tanks in the game and made a ridiculous joke called ""The Collector's Tank"". They moved up a lot of Premium tanks down to a collecter tank rank and other tanks that stayed wasn't even under the mercy anymore, even bringing them down tiers.
I understand if the intent was to ""balance"" the game, but this is too much; it downright destroyed this game. One of my biggest complaints was the collector tanks. I understand if this was a new tank type introduction thing, but demoting already Premiums (which people had worked hard, burnt their wallet and loved these tanks dearly) was just disregarded and made to a type of tank that is nowhere what the people paid Wargaming for! And I feel like this is just an excuse to just nerf former premiums.
Now, removal of tanks was a bit fair, but we loved a lot of tanks that they removed, and not to get whinny, it took out the enjoyment that was once in the game. Same goes with some tanks being brought down. This has technically robbed us of the love and money we used for the game. I'm sorry, but I'll have to uninstall it. There were better approaches to this."Game is fun and i like it but after hearing about how the developers treat their community and people speak out against their pay 2 win style im gonna have to not recommend this gameThis game had huge potential - but dev. make it a pay-to-win game.. 60-90$ for a tank gold making tank, and like 15 $ for a crate with 2-3 % drop chance for a good/op tank... get real devs.."Most of the negative reviews are about World of Tanks not being here, instead of Blitz.
You can ignore those, as they make no sense at all. We're reviewing this game, not the o
- Quick battles allow for casual play.
- Very low-end requirements, you can play it on your granny's PC.
- True cross-platform multiplayer (console, mobile, PC).
- Bearable grind (I got to Tier VI with 20 hours played).
- Decent mechanics.
- A nice variety of tanks (more to come) which counter one another.
- Very easy to play with a friend (two is not possible yet)
- Free to play.

Cons
- Some pay2win elements.
- Russian tanks are a bit too powerful at first, can feel quite frustrating.
- No achievements yet (I know people like those)

I want to clarify the pay2win elements a bit.
It's not impossible to fight premium tanks, but they have advantages that most of the tanks of their tier don't. It can leave a bad taste if you're quite new at the game and you're still learning how to counter everything ( hint you never do). Some players take that as a challenge (the uneven playing field), some dislike it. Your call.
Apart from the tanks, there are also premium shells (rounds). They are quite powerful, as they lack niether the penetration of HEAT shells, nor the damage of standard shells. However they are incredibly costly, and the ones using those are few are far between.

Hope you give it a go, the ratings are so incredibly unfair. It's a decent game.""3.8 has killed the game. I have been playing blitz for 2 years now and all the time i spent on grinding the tanks is wasted. The spare parts that we have recieved for that 2 year grind is nothing when compaired to the vast amount of tanks in my garage. And the timers? I came here to play tanks, not farmville.
It's not worth it anymore, so don't bother.""This game isn't bad. I started playing it and it's fun and it's exciting. Like Wargaming's related game, this game does involve strategy and teamwork.
That being said:
The other version, simply known as World of Tanks, is superior to this version of the game. They are both good, but World of Tanks offers so much more gameplay, variety, and fun overall than World of Tanks Blitz.
From this perspective it seems that if you want to download this game, why not download World of Tanks?""OK, so you are probably reading the reviews for this game, wondering if you should download it or not. Well, I'm here to tell you that you should.
Now some people think that if they want to play Blitz, they'll play it on their mobile devices and if they want to play it on their PC... well they won't, they'll just go get the regular PC version, right? I agree, that's even what I would do. But what if you have a laptop, or a PC not powerful enough to run the desktop version of World of Tanks, and you find that the mobile version is hard to play due to the controls? Well, that was my situation. I tried playing the PC version of WoT but my laptop would not run it very well, and I knew the hours of grinding would be painful if they would be spent running the game at 15 fps constantly. So I downloaded this, and I kid you not when I say it fixed all my problems. It's World of Tanks Blitz (which I didn't mention I LOVED) with PC controls (I hated the mobile controls!). But enough with that; let's get to the contents!
WoT Blitz is easier. No doubt about it, and I know some people don't like it easy. But it's easy compared to the desktop World of Tanks. It still requires skill and strategy (somewhat) if you want to be successful. Just not as much as it's popular big brother. What mainly makes it easier is the grind. You don't need silver to buy the modules, and the experience is gained easier (I believe). The 7v7 matches go by quick and the small maps make sure there is action throughout the entire battle. There are also many events that take place that allow you to score some goodies, like boosters, credits, gold and premium tanks! Like the Lost Division event going on right now. These events always keep me playing because I'm working for something, I have the chance to win tanks and other valuable prizes (although the chances in this current Lost Division event are very small!). They also like to get creative with their tanks, for example; the Helsing HO or the Tankenstein. The tournaments are also exciting as they can reward you and your team.

So, the conclusion. With all the content in this game and the keyboard/mouse controls (if you don't like mobile controls), there's nothing else I can say but get it and enjoy it! As long as you don't depend on insanely great graphics to have fun with a game, you'll love this version of World of Tanks as you would any other.""World of Tanks Blitz was originally a simplified version of the PC game World of Tanks, for the mobile market. As such, it had simplified controls, simplified models, simplified textures, simplified UI and simplified everything else. This was fine, and in time the game has gotten a small community of it's own. But porting the mobile, severely dumbed down version back to PC, has not made it a true alternative to the original.
I'll make it simple for you.
If you play Blitz on mobile devices a lot, and only occasionally want to play a game on the PC, do go ahead and try this. It will let you play the same game, so you keep your progression and everything else between your mobile devices and the PC.
If on the other hand you don't play mobile games much if at all, and just want a game to play exclusively on the PC, please forget about this. Then you should go download the full, original World of Tanks for PC from their webpage. It's just as free, much better, more content, bigger community and more fun.
Oh, and if anyone thinks they can use this game to sit on a PC with keyboard and mouse, and stomp on players running it from mobile devices. Sorry, but there are separate matchmaking queues. Even Wargaming was not going to allow that kind of rampant sealclubbing."My dads favorite game. Blood cancer took him away. I just want to say thanks to Wargaming for giving him his best days in life"this is pretty much world of tanks for people who:
a. hate artillery
b. have a low end pc
c. want to play with friends who only play on mobile
d. dont have a lot of storage
10/10 would recommend.""Don't let my ""Steam hours"" fool you, i've put more hours than a care to admit into this game. This game used to be great back in it's glory days. But Wargaming got more and more greedy and made the game more and more pay-to-win with each update. This is a mobile game first and foremost and along with that comes the terrible buisiness model known throughout the mobile games ecosystem. This game is fun no doubt. But this game want's your money and it will shove that in your face every chance it gets.
Enter at your own risk"This game is Very bad compeared to the real world of tanks, This is ok for mobile but i don't understand why they did not also add the full game to steam and make this a optional download for players that want to play on mobile or tablets.": Don't read unless you can take a little sarcasm. Of course, I enjoy the game, but the toxic players and crap devs don't fit in very well.

You win? Enemy team calls you trash for being good.
You lose? Enemy team calls you trash for being bad.
You carry your team? Your team calls you trash for being good.
You die in a 1v7? Your team calls you trash for not winning.
You use an autoloader? Prepare for the salty post-game messages.
You use a derp? Prepare for even more salty messages.
You use a light? Everyone calls you a p*ssy.
You use a medium? Everyone calls you trash.
You use a heavy? Everyone calls you noob.
You use a TD? Everyone donates salty messages.
You face the enemy head on? Your team calls you moron.
You flank? Your team calls you useless.
You use an American tank? Team calls you trash.
You use a German tank? Team calls you trash.
You use a Soviet tank? Team calls you trash.
You use a British tank? Team calls you trash.
You use a French tank? Team calls you trash.
You use a Japanese tank? Team calls you trash.
You use a Chinese tank? Team calls you trash.
You have a WR <50%? Get called trash.
You have a WR >50%? Get called trash.
You want nerfs for premiums? IS-7 gets nerfed.
You want tanks from WW2 movies and history? Get anime tanks.
You see events for premiums? Only paying players (or 24/7 grinders) can get them.
You play the game regularly? Stop.
You write a review on steam and you don't recommend the game? Random guys call you trash.
I have 500+ hours and 7,200 battles on 2 accounts.
Not recommended, more toxic than an Overwatch team"The community, collectively, has a lower IQ than bag of rocks.The devs are ruining this game with real money crates to get overpowered tanks. You are not even guaranteed a tank. (For example 拢10 for 1 crate with a 5% chance of gettting overpowered t22 medium. Other 95% is a waste of money.HA! 100 bucks for the new 40k tanks? ok don't have that kinda cash how about free time ... 75 matches a day for 10 days ? are you モモモラng kidding?"Don't know why they put this horrible mobile version of the game on steam when the ACTUAL pc version is a whole lot better in every way. I reccomend you get the world of tanks from their website by searching Wargaming on Google.
I wish they would put the more detailed better version on steam, go check it out you'll know what I meean.
Would I reccomend this version? Definately Not.""A mildly entertaining port of an android quick match multiplayer game, nothing amazing but it fills a gap if your just looking for something to play for 5mins.
Dont go looking for depth as the only thing you'll find is how deep it tries to get in your pockets.
Average Joe 5/10""After stopping playing original WOT last summer due to being busy, I decided to relax my brain from the exams and play this game during my winter brake. At first, I found it very strange that the teams are 7 vs 7 and that games usually last only 5 min instead of typical WOT game of 10 min average. Here is what I found great about this game:
- Easy Controls (Identical to WOT)
- No Arty (Pray it stays the same)
- 7 vs 7 which means easy to carry, faster game and people acually play together as a team to win
- Giving away tanks during Christmas Event. This allowed me to grab amazing and rare tanks that I would never get in the normal WOT
- All of the classes of tanks are same matchmaking of +1/-1, which is great as you dont have to be tier 4 playing against tier 6 which you can't pen.
Overall, the game is very fun and addicting, just like WOT was back when I started to play it. I hope that future updates will bring more amazing features and they keep this game original and different from WOT. I will play this game during my free time (winter/spring/summer breaks) as it allows me relax my brain from all of those finals ;_;""stock tanks are horribly bad,, and ensures your early games with it will be an absolute nightmare. Matchmaking is also horribly unbalanced,, Premium tanks outperform standard tanks in almost all aspects, thus making it pay2win.
it has this lootboxes, which is actually a good thing, since it contains boosters, credits, gold and sometimes even premium tanks
but that isn't enough to save this unbalanced game
if you still want to play this garbo,, go play the Standard PC version, albeit it still hosts the same problems as this one."The console edition for Xbox and Playstation are far superior to this mobile port. If you're going to play on PC, just get the full game from wargaming.net."Many will thrash this game for being a ""mobile port"" and not being graphicaly strong as WoT. However this game is suited for those who hate arty, want +1-1 Match Making instead of the +2-2 in WOT regular, thier computers struggle with WoT regular or want to play with or against freinds/family who have it om mobile.
This game does have it's mobile origins showing when you can use gold to fully upgrade a tank. That pushes the game acrossing the P2W line.
Teams and maps are smaller, 7v7 small short and quick matches.
The game does have special events that WoT regular doesn't get, along with premium tanks no longer seen on WoT regular.
It handels very similar to WoT regular, anyone who's payed that will have a easier time here.
Overall i recommend it, even if you just want to have a look""The game is pay to win.Though it doesn't mean you can't outsmart those wallet warriors, the better the crew, the better it performs, plus those additional items or stuff, you won't really feel the change, so don't buy the items that are really expensive.
And don't go lonewolf, follow your team or atleast let them know where youre heading before complaining that your team didn't help you, and lastly don't be a hero, if you don't know how armor works just stay behind your team mates and munch some HP of some enemy who are trying to be the hero. That's all I can advice you if youre a newbie, if you want to learn more watch some videos on Youtube or something.
(P.S. I don't recommend this to people who gets angry at games. Like seriously bro just don't.)"When Your PC is Low end but you still want play WoT.