"If you have hundreds of hours of disposable time and 'enjoy' grinding this game is for you.
If you love games where devs ignore issues by introducing new updates with new issues this game is for you.
If you love extremely grindy events that suck the life out of you this game is for you.
If you like game breaking bugs this game is for you.
If you like rage inducing games install immediately.
If you:
-are looking for a fun casual game
-are looking for a balanced game
-saw jets on the store screen and wanted to fly one right away (without paying)
-want historically accurate combat
-enjoy the other games you play,
Follow these instructions carefully
1)Right click war thunder>local files>Uninstall Game
2)Exit store page
3)You have beaten war thunder and succeeded where many before you have failed."The grind is unbelievable, almost 160 hrs only in American tanks (my highest battle rating being 7.3) and still hundred plus hours from endgame material for America tanks. Spawn camping is a valid and common tactic; along with getting bombed in spawn. The balancing in battle ratings is a joke. I want to love this game but this game drains the enjoyment out of my life. Pay to win is an understatement, because even paying doesn't stop all the bs this game has from ruining your day. I regret putting my time into this game.Great potential, terrible execution.I have played this game for 5 years, so I figure I have enough experience to make an informed review.The devs of this game do not listen to player feedback on game balance and spend all their time making op premium vehicles for the pay 2 win crowd. The game play consists of getting up tiered and being spawn killed by tanks you can't kill, bombed by planes, or straffed by planes 2 miles higher than you with no hope of escaping or killing them. Some games you're lucky enough to get down tiered and you can actually have a fun game by doing the clubbing yourself.I been playing for years bruh, look at these hours bruh.This game makes me mad every single match I get into, but I still love itrussia stronkcool, for me, idk about youwee tank go vrooom bum"War Thunder is a free to play World War II simulator. This is one of those games where microtransactions are prevalent and grinding for XP to get new vehicles is heavy. That set aside, this game certainly has it's merits.
It focuses a lot more on realism compared to it's competitors such as World of Tanks. The game pays attention to details and does a good job making things immersive from a visual perspective. The simulator genre has always been a niche and this game seems to be able to break that for players who are not as familiar.
That being said this game stills has it's faults beyond the microstransaction form of business. Balancing between vehicles amongst nations is almost non-existent. Some vehicles are so much superior to others in their level that it's almost laughable to judge based on the battle rating for each vehicle. For instance, the I-16 and the P-26 are seemingly able to shoot down tier II planes and go on mass killing streaks despite being starting Tier I vehicles. It is so laughable that I often nickname it them ""Small Penis Planes"". It felt practically criminal flying about the sky shooting down entire squadrons with a plane that is essentially just a plank of wood with 4 machine guns attached to it. The inequalities amongst planes tends to fade the more you progress in tier. However, these imbalances are still glaring and them having not been fixed while the developers continue to pump out content like Swedish Tech trees really shows their mindset.
Overall if you are a fan of the WWII genre, I would at least give this a try and see if it's of your taste. If not, then you lose nothing except a small amount of your time.
P.S. To make your experience much more enjoyable, I would suggest listening to this in the background on loop while you're"My girlfriends left me because I spent all money for $-50 (k-50) instead of taking them to a fine dining at McDonalds.But it dosen't matter.Women are temporary,But $-50 is Eternal.I recommend this game as it is action packed and insane. This game has both air force and ground forces.This game has a little learning curver and the russians are favored. Overall it is goodplenes r kool so pley dis gaemits goodthis is a very good game, flying in a plane shooting things is awesome!When i tried out the game it was very fun. Though i had to delete because of memory space issues, it was a rather fun game will i had it. War Thunder takes you to the pacific or european battle fields where you have the choice to engage in in single player missions or take the fight online against other players in a massive team death match.This GAme is just awesome don't understand why many players are complaining i'm having fun the music is fantastic!!! the only bad thing is that it takes a lot pf time to have new airplanes ( yes eventually you will pay for them ) but the price is fair i would put 10 euros every mounth it's worth it!!! you should be playing this game invite some friends it will be one of your best videogame experieneces !!!"Warthunder is a fun game to play. you can upgrade your aircraft or tanks so you can domanate th battlefiled. Also there are tons of maps, tanks ann aircraft. you can get lots of money to buy tanks
But the down part about it is that you have to wait like a week to upgrade a tank thats the down side"As of right now the current patch is unplayable for me. The previous ones last week I could run a video and play War Thunder at the sametime. now I do the samething and jump here jump here. Don't get me wrong I have fun with this game but it is lagging too much to the point I left a match because it is that badthis is a fun game . With stunning graphics . And its free.But if you are going to play this game you better have a good computer or you are going to a have a hard time . Also if you are having problems with teams and balancing, you must either be really unlucky or u are the problemVery fun game.At times, the amount of time it takes to get into a Multiplayer battle can be long, but it's worth it in the endA lot of War, surprising lack of ThunderSo far so good !this is far from simulation and it`s a good thing give it a try this is a fun game easy to get intoThis game is amazing if you want a challenging but fun war game experience. I highly recommend downloading this.Great game. Requires a beffy computer"This is the most realistic war game out there. Flying is amazing! Get the game already! IT'S FREE!
I rate this game: An epic dog fight/10"best game ever gameplay and graphics are great but on a side note it is taking way to long for japanese tanksgreat game 8/10 would be 10/10 a year or two ago but still good just not as good as it used to beDecent game with a high focus on realism. Just like in real life, Russian tank drivers are drunk 24/7As warfare buff and veteran, i find the game play easy to learn, but mastering is another story. Overall, I love this game, but bring on the ships already